The best time to visit London is in the spring when the temperatures are mild and the city's parks are
green and blooming. However, late spring – along with summer – is also prime tourist season, and
hotel and ight prices re ect the surge. You're more likely to nd airfare and accommodation deals in
the fall and winter though you'll also encounter chilly temperatures. It's important to note though that
December in London is an incredibly popular place to be during the holidays, so expect the streets to
be crowded with both English and international tourists. And no matter when you travel, you should
pack an umbrella: London is notorious for experiencing misty days and showers year-round. Another
thing to keep in mind: it's nearly impossible to escape crowds in London. Along with being one of the
biggest cities in Europe, it is one of the most popular destinations to visit in the world
(/Rankings/Worlds_Best_Vacations/), so no matter what time of year you go, you're bound to run into
lots of tourists.

March-May

Best Time to Visit

Peak tourist season in London is pretty much all year-round, but late spring (and summer) are
especially busy. By making your London Town jaunt in late spring, you'll have the opportunity to
witness the royal parks and gardens blossoming, and hit the city's weather sweet spot. However, the
earlier you visit in spring, the more likely you'll run into slightly smaller crowds. While fall and winter
can be especially rainy, and summer can get a bit muggy, spring in London enjoys a happy medium,
with average temperatures hovering between the 50s and 60s.
Key Events:
St Patrick's Day Festival and Parade (March)
Cancer Research UK Boat Races

 (March)

Virgin Money London Marathon

(April)

Museums at Night

(May)

RHS Chelsea Flower Show

(May)

State Opening of Parliament

(May)

September-November
London is still crowded with tourists well into mid-September, thanks to the mild 60 to 70degree temperatures. The photogenic autumn foliage also doesn't hurt either. If you're looking to really
sink your teeth into the culture, however, this is the best time to visit. These month's annual events,
especially Guy Fawkes Night, are celebrations deeply rooted in not only London but England's history.
Key Events:
Museums at Night

(October)

Guy Fawkes Night (November)
The Lord Mayor's Show

(November)

December-February
If you're looking to save a pound or two, travel during the chilly, winter season (except for December
when rates rise due to the holidays). Though temperatures average in the 30- to 40-degree range, you'll
be able to enjoy a more authentic London experience sans large tourist hordes. Because the city
sparkles with twinkling lights and festive events during the holiday season, central London is usually
overrun with holiday shoppers, especially at Oxford Street. If you're in London for the holidays, plan to
take in the city's Christmas splendour away from popular shopping hot spots.
Key Events:
London Parade

(First of January)

Pancake Day (February)
London Fashion Week

(February)

June-August
Fortunately, comfortable summertime temperatures (mid-70s Fahrenheit) make the tourist crowds a
little bearable. Don't leave your shorts home just yet; in recent years, London has experienced record
highs in the lower 90s. Also, summer affords no relief from rain and subsequent humidity. Packing an
umbrella is a must.
Key Events:
Trooping the Colour
London Pride

(June)

(June)

Wimbledon Championships
City of London Festival
Notting Hill Carnival

 (June-July)

(June-July)
(August)

