Summer ensures the dating bar is set impossibly high. An alluring influx of warm weather options present themselves in June, a long list a possibilities that rarely get tackled by fall. More often than not, our hopes for the summer exceed our actual plans. But not this summer. This summer, you will not miss out on something extraordinary. Your lady has you, and you have us, and together we'll ensure that you thrill her with the sort of summer experiences she won't soon forget. Do some last-minute wooing as the season dwindles down with our list of 22 Awesome No-Fail Date Spots in NYC.Make like you're at a beach in Mexico at Tequila Park.Neighborhood: Midtown WestAddress: 356 W 58th St.Website: tequilaparknyc.comRooftops (the kind that aren't attached to bro-heavy, tri-level bars) are hard to come by in Midtown, which is why this taqueria tucked inside the Hudson Hotel is all the more a respite. The lush, brightly decorated outdoor space has a sexy vacation vibe, particularly when downing agave-based spirits. Where tequila flows freely, margaritas follow, of course. The cocktail list, like the Taco Shack menu, is divided into common and uncommon, which means if you're a novelty-seeking cduo, you can wash down those Sriracha cheesesteak tacos with a  bubblegum bacon cocktail. Pair adventurous eats with black and white movies and the strumming of an acoustic guitar, and you've just had the best Midtown date possibly ever.  Find your zen at the Brooklyn Botanic Garden.Neighborhood: Prospect HeightsAddress: 1000 Washington AveWebsite: bbg.orgThe Brooklyn Botanical Garden is an urban oasis that sits close by in Prospect Heights, but gives you the sense that you've escaped the city entirely. Nature, as it happens, is also incredibly romantic.The BBG's sprawling grounds contain enough to keep the two of you busy exploring for an entire day. From the Cranford Rose Garden to the Japanese Zen Pond teaming with coy, the solace that you misplaced in the city, you'll find here. Explore their climate-controlled rooms (you can make it from rainforest to desert in just a few hours!) and marvel over their bonsai collection before heading off to the gift shop, where you can procure a tiny cactus to remind you of your day before heading off to the nearby Brooklyn Museum (200 Eastern Pkwy). If it happens to be a Saturday (hint, you should plan it that way), you can enjoy live music, beer and wine, and even take a dance lesson before heading off to scrutinize the latest exhibits.Bond over sketchbooks at the Brooklyn Art Library.Neighborhood: WilliamsburgAddress: 103 North 3rd St.Website: sketchbookproject.com Brooklyn Art Library is a place you take someone you love (or, are working towards it with) to. The gorgeous space is lined with shelves sighing under the weight of many books. But not just any books. This is the home to The Sketchbook Project, where people are given empty books to fill with anything their tiny hearts desire.The project travels the world with the many volumes submitted to the project, and here in Brooklyn, you can browse many of these volumes in a charming setting. Create a custom library card together, and choose a topic, and one of the library employee's will pluck the books from the shelves and bring them to your table. Many are funny, some personal, but each one is creative and surprisingly poignant. You will laugh, be moved, and leave inspired to make something of your own. Like, love. POST CONTINUES BELOWFire guns at West Side Rifle and Pistol Range and shoot mezcal (preferably, in that order).
Neighborhood: FlatironAddress: 20 West 20th StreetWebsite: westsidepistolrange.com
Every once in awhile, the prospect of dinner, no matter how fancy, seems kind of dull. You've had one foie gras pâté, you've had them, all right? Put a pistol in her hand, and give her a chance to experience something truly novel at West Side Rifle and Pistol Range.
For $65, the two of you will be privvy to a short safety tutorial, and shortly after, will be handed a 22-caliber rifle and 50 rounds for your firing pleasure. After your stress has been executed and your adventurous spirit awakened, hail a cab to scintillating sexy cocktail den Mayahuel (East 6th Street), where you'll wind down with flights of smoky mezcal and tongue-searing sangrita, and keep the fire burning well into the wee hours of the night.
Get a dose of culture at The Cloisters.Neighborhood: Washington HeightsAddress: 99 Margaret Corbin DrWebsite: metmuseum.orgPools and beaches may be the undisputed pantheons of hot weather activity, but The Cloisters will have you rethinking whether museums deserve a spot on summer's short list.Found in under-appreciated Fort Tryon Park, The Cloisters is an outdoor branch of The Metropolitan Museum of Art that spotlights medieval art and architecture, enclosed in peaceful gardens that were made for roaming. Marvel at stained glass and learn about the famed unicorn tapestries before taking off into the painstakingly maintained medieval gardens and digging into the picnic we suggest you pack prior to the occasion.If you're slacking on your homemade grub game, stop by Café Trie, a small eatery overlooking the garden where you can share a cup of coffee and sit back while your girl sings your praises.Slurp oysters and sip absinthe at Maison Premiere.Neighborhood: WilliamsburgAddress: 298 Bedford AveWebsite: maisonpremiere.comLet's just start with the inarguable facts: Oysters are an aphrodisiac. Right off the bat, that means your date will be off to a sexy start. Now add absinthe to the mix. Sure, it doesn't make you hallucinate like Hemingway, but it does give you a unique sensation that goes beyond "a buzz."Luckily for you, Maison Premiere does both incredibly well. Freshly shucked east and west coast oysters can be procured for a mere dollar bill Monday through Friday from 4-7 p.m., and well-versed bartenders can make abisnthe's anise undertones sing in balanced cocktails. Have her try the Imperial Opal, a cocktail thate mellows the anise sting with yellow chartreuse and rose water, while you take the unadulterated route and consume it the way the gods intended, i.e. the absinthe drip.Snag a seat on the outdoor patio, and let the green-fairy's euphoria work its way through while you share licorice-flavored kisses with your equally emerald-eyed girl.POST CONTINUES BELOWGet amorous Upstairs at The Kimberly Hotel.Neighborhood: Midtown EastAddress: 145 East 50th StreetWebsite: upstairsnyc.comSome rooftops are best enjoyed at night, when the sparkling cityscape stands out against the dark sky. That's a scene suited for no-fail romance, especially if you happen to be Upstairs at The Kimberly Hotel.If the stunning panoramic views of midtown Manhattan don't leave her woozy with delight, the potent cocktails will. Ensure a steamy evening by ordering her the Pear Samba cocktail, which warms up sweet pear puree and Leblon cachaca with Hangar1 Spiced Pear vodka.The cocktails are admittedly pricey, but what you spend on the drinks, you'll save on the foreplay, because everyone knows rooftops are an express route to being man-handled in the cab home. See what we're saying? Totally worth every penny!  Mutually gorge on local goodies at Smorgasburg.Neighborhood: WillamsburgAddress: 27 N 6th StWebsite: brooklynflea.com/smorgasburg/If you find yourself hungry and without a date idea on a Saturday afternoon, look no further than Smorgasburg to satisfy both needs at once. Like the Brooklyn Flea Market but with delicious food, Smorgasburg unites almost 100 artisanal food vendors for a mass picnic of sorts on the Williamsburg waterfront that a gourmet-inclined lady won't soon forget.Be adventurous eaters, and only try things you both haven't, like fried anchovies from Bon Chovie, chai ice cream from The Alchemists, or a stroopwafel ice cream sandwich from The Good Batch. Or, stick to summer staples like oysters from Brooklyn Oyster Party, lobster rolls from Red Hook Lobster Pound or a BBQ brisket sandwich from Mighty Quinn's. Make inappropriate food jokes the entire time, and take pictures of every amazing thing that enters your mouth before collapsing onto a bench along the pier. When you finally head home, you'll inevitably be too full to hump around, but in the AM, you will get props (preferably of the sexual variety) for your date well done.Take a walk on the wild-ish side at the Bronx Zoo.Neighborhood: Pelham ParkwayAddress: 2300 Southern BlvdWebsite: bronxzoo.comEven if your boo cringes at the thought of anything nature-oriented, she'll be a sucker for the baby animals strolling on grassy knolls at the Bronx Zoo. If baby animals aren't her thing (Seriously? What kind of woman is she?!), take a stroll through the butterfly garden, peep monkeys, giraffes, tigers, and even lemurs (as part of their Madagascar exhibit) and feed penguins and sea lions.  End your excursion into the great outdoors with the Wild Asia Monorail, a 20-minute ride in the sky that gives you a bird's eye view of the best exhibits (that are often too crowded to see otherwise) and the Bronx River, and affords an opportunity to steal a kiss in the sky. Damn, you're slick.POST CONTINUES BELOWReenact rom-coms at Jane's Carousel.Neighborhood: DumboAddress: 56 Water StreetWebsite: janescarousel.comInside every woman is a despicable urge she doesn't want to admit or even acknowledge for a rom-com worthy rendezvous. Scratch that embarrassing itch for her by taking her to Jane's Carousel, a dazzlingly restored merry-go-round tucked under the Brooklyn bridge. After taking a two-dollar-twirl, meander along the cobblestone street towards Almondine Bakery (85 Water Street), where you can snack on macaroons (try the pistachio!) and take a slice of their achingly sweet chocolate créme brule cake to share over east river views, which can be found a mere block away back at the Brooklyn Bridge Park (26 New Dock Street). Take a train to Rockaway Taco.Neighborhood: Rockaway Beach, QueensAddress: 19 Rockaway Beach Blvd.Website: rockawaytaco.comYou know those nights where you're torn between pretending you're fishing in Montauk or on a beach somewhere together in Mexico? Rockaway Taco marries those two fantasies. All you have to do is hop on the A train to Rockaway Beach.Rockaway Beach might as well be in Connecticut, we know, but it's worth the extra transit time. The seasonal taco stand got hit hard by Sandy, but has reopened for the season, and the frenzy is already in full swing. The shack invariably draws an eclectic collection of humans (some might call them hipsters, we won't generalize) and a line that snakes back for a half a block. But it all fades away once you hear your name called, trot up to the counter, and walk away with a fish taco. This is why you came: a flaky piece of tilapia encased in a lightly battered shell topped with the perfect amount of radish, slaw, and spicy crema. Throw some spicy salsa verde on for good measure and spring for the guac; it will be the most necessary dollar you have ever spent. Wash it all down with a fresh pineapple and mint juice while basking in the sun and enjoying the ocean breeze rolling off the boardwalk. Now that's modern romance.Watch a movie under the stars courtesy of Rooftop Films.Neighborhood: CitywideAddress: Locations varyWebsite: rooftopfilms.comFor 15 years, Rooftop Films has been showing top-notch indie films in offbeat outdoor spaces throughout the city, but chances are, your girl hasn't seen one yet. Shouldn't you be the first to share the experience with her, and win those much-coveted brownie points?With screenings in a stunning industrial space in Gowanus, to a graffiti-covered rooftop on the Lower East Side, you can pick a flick within the proximity of your hood, or choose a spot that will suit your lady's inclinations best.The 2013 summer series has a mixed-bag of marvelous films and stellar indie selections, like the quietly dramatic, Tiger Tail in Blue. Many feature live music to set the scene before the opening credits, and end with sponsored after parties, which means free booze! Just when you thought the night couldn't get any better...POST CONTINUES BELOWGet toothaches together at Mast Brothers Chocolate.Neighborhood: WilliamsburgAddress: 111 North Third St.Website: mastbrothers.comAs a child, she likely dreamt of encountering a chocolate factory like the one Ronald Dahl wrote of, and as an adult, Mast Brothers can fulfill that long-held fantasy. The handsome shop has glass cases that hold artisanal chocolate that will make your eyes water with joy. Inventive varieties of bitter dark chocolate are in small piles around the store, and you're invited to taste each one. You might be tempted to just go H.A.M. on the samples and leave empty-handed if the bars weren't so beautifully wrapped. And because, unlike Willy Wonka's wares, these cacao-treats are handmade by actual Brooklynites. Brothers Rick and Michael Mast, to be exact. Oompa Loompas, be damned.Kayak under the influence courtesy of The Boat Basin.Neighborhood: Upper West SideAddress: West 79th St at Riverside DrWebsite: boatbasincafe.comTake her to lunch at the Boat Basin, where the food is no-frills (think standard-issue burgers and fries) but the gorgeous Hudson river views make your frozen piña colada something worth reveling in.After your riverside snack, walk down to Pier 72 (West 72nd Street), where you and your slightly tipsy date can try your hand at kayaking on the Hudson free of charge. Thanks, Bloomberg! And if we may, a word of wisdom: If you've never had your way with a paddle before, we suggest drinking after, not before, and taking the complimentary kayaking class before heading out.After you've tackled tandem paddling, take in the Hudson vistas as the sun sets and amble down to romantically-inclined (as in, super dark and cozy) Casellula (401 West 52nd Street), where you'll find a carefully curated selection of cheese and wine to satisfy your insatiable post-kayaking appetites.  Eat your way through the Chelsea Market, and rummage the wares at Artists  & Fleas.Neighborhood: ChelseaAddress: 75 9th Ave. Website:chelseamarket.comThe Chelsea Market is the jam. Where else can you get some of the best coffee in the city (at Ninth Street Espresso), the best baguettes (at Amy's Bread), and pick up a great bottle of wine (at Chelsea Wine Vault) for dinner, all in the same place? Browse bestsellers in Posman's Books while snacking on brownie samples from the Fat Witch, or just bask in the intoxicating scents wafting from the specialty food boutiques together. If that's not an aphrodisiac, we don't know what is.After eating your weight in dulce de leche crepes, amble to the end of the corridor. where you'll find Artists & Fleas (75 9th Ave). The large marketplace has a well-curated selection of vintage and handmade goods where artists and independent designers hawk their unique wares. Browse the 4,000-square-foot and expect to find anything from quirky home goods like clocks made from old books, to a t-shirt made with superhero bedsheets. Leave with something one of a kind, knowing your purchase supported a budding local proprietor. It's only a pop-up offshoot of the original in Williamsburg, so enjoy supporting the cause together while you can.POST CONTINUES BELOWSip rosé on the rooftop of Hotel Chantelle.Neighborhood: Lower East SideAddress: 92 Ludlow Street Website: hotelchantelle.comSet just apart from the hustle and endless flow of traffic on LES's main stretch between Stanton and Rivington is Hotel Chantelle, which is not a hotel, but a gorgeous tri-level space with a rooftop patio that will woo even the most hard-to-impress girlfriend's pants off.Start early so you can get a seat in the sun, where she'll happily sip on a specialty cocktail like their Sangria Savoir-Faire, made with fresh fruit and Pyrat rum. After you've spent a few minutes lounging in the sunshine and gossiping about the Olsen-esque fashion aspirations of the crowd, stumble down to the basement for some bumping and grinding. Admit it, after a few glasses of rosé, making out in public somehow seems like the right move.Meander along the High Line together.Neighborhood: West VillageAddress: 529 West 20th St.Website: thehighline.orgThe High Line is a relatively new addition to the city's romantic laundry list, thanks to the recent expansion of the ancient, above-ground railroad turned 22-block-stretch of urban bliss. The multi-million-dollar developments have made the High Line into a respite like no other, with as many art installations lining the rusty rails and walkways as there are trees. This elevated park is even more exciting in summer months, offering bird's eye views of the sun-soaked streets below and supplying cold-brewed Blue Bottle coffee and artisan popsicles from La Newyorkina to keep you cool for the length of your stroll. Air conditioning—who needs it?Keep it classic at The Loeb Boathouse at Central Park.Neighborhood: Upper East SideAddress: East 72nd StreetWebsite: thecentralparkboathouse.comBefore taking the time out to curate a truly creative date, make sure your woman is well-versed on the classics—and we're not talking Moby Dick and Heart of Darkness.Like ice-skating in Rockefeller center, renting a boat and rowing across the lake is an iconic date that would border cliché if it weren't so beautiful. It's something every woman should experience at least once just to say she did, and you should be the one to share that quintessential couple's activity with her. You may catch slack for being corny from your boys, but on the upside, she'll snag some sweet Instagram pics she'll totes treasure forever.If you want to splurge on her, eat inside, where the white table cloth factor will wow just as much as the views. If the boat ride has left you strapped, eat at the casual outside grill, which is lighter on the wallet and will still leave her swooning over the lake views.POST CONTINUES BELOWGet competitive at the driving range at Chelsea PiersNeighborhood: ChelseaAddress: 59 Chelsea PiersWebsite: chelseapiers.com/gcThis multi-level driving range affords you the opportunity to practice your swing while taking in views of the Hudson River. If your swing is weak (at best), you can try your hand at virtual golfing, where the two of you can enjoy St. Andrews famously scenic course, sans passport. When you've exhausted yourselves, head to the nearby Raines Law Room (48 West 17th St). Slip into their intimate back garden and sip on the South Side Rickey, a carbonated gin and muddled mint cocktail, and all of your failed drives will seem miles away. Take a "cruise" on the Staten Island Ferry.Neighborhood: Battery ParkAddress: 4 South St.Website: nyc.govOverpriced "handcrafted" cocktails are cool every once in awhile. But sometimes a bottom-shelf vodka-and-cranberry aboard a boat—excuse us, a ferry—is just what the doctor ordered. Particularly if you've already won her over, and are in a place where fun takes precedent over flossing. Grab your sunglasses and mingle with tourists as you get toasted crossing the water. Enjoy an unmatched glimpse of the city's skyline and unobstructed views of the Statue of Liberty.  Share a bag of pretzels and you've got yourself the perfect low-key afternoon.Take a faux beach vacation at Coney Island.
Neighborhood: Coney IslandAddress: 1000 Surf AveWebsite: coneyisland.com
Every once in awhile, you're overcome with the urge to whisk her away on a beach vacation, but your wallet isn't having it. For those times, you should head to the nearby R&R available at Coney Island. That way, everybody wins!
Start at Nathan's Famous (1310 Surf Ave) and overload your hot dog with as many condiments as your bun can handle, while simultaneously discovering how much of your 44 oz. beer your bellies can handle. Chances are, she won't finish half.
Head down the boardwalk to Luna Park, where you'll ride the vaguely sexual sounding Soaring Eagle and fear for your lives on the Cyclone, which may or may not collapse while you're riding it. The terror adds to the fun, trust us. After your near death experience, get your palms read by one of the fortune tellers scattered along the nearby sidewalks, and hope she tells you both there is luck (and not indigestion, as expected) in your future.
POST CONTINUES BELOWExplore Chinatown together.Neighborhood: ChinatownAddress: Canal St.Website: explorechinatown.comDuring the summer, Chinatown is Manhattan's most fragrant neighborhood; we'll admit that. Potent smell of fresh fish aside, poking around the neighborhood's cluttered side streets for exotic eats far is still an enjoyable way to spend a warm day. Get a cheap massage, pick up a knock-off for her, and eat as many mysterious Chinese ingredients as your stomach can handle. Sample candied fish bits, Durian, and sticky buns as an appetizer before heading to Pho Grand (277C Grand St.) for an inexpensive Vietnamese feast. Order the brisket and beef pho, loaded with thinly sliced cuts of meat and floating atop a swell of tender noodles. After all, the couple that slurps together, stays together. 
