    POCKET GUIDE TO

New york

          Where New York Begins

                DOWNLOAD FREE FLIGHT & HOTEL APP HERE


The New York Guide

Welcome to your very own pocket guide
to New York. Whether you’re using your
mobile, tablet, or laptop you can consult this
guide and start discovering the brilliant best
of the Big Apple.

From essentials like taking transport from
the airport and changing your holiday
spending money into US Dollars to
experiencing the staggering heights of
landmarks like the Empire State Building
and the Statue of Liberty, we’ve done all the
research so you can focus on enjoying your
trip!

Take a look at the Broadway Shows, step
inside the bars and nightclubs, and get a
taste of the restaurants you should sample.
This guide provides everything you need
to know to witness the bright lights and big
city atmosphere of New York City. Let the
exploration (and the fun) begin!

              CONTINUE TO GUIDE


MAIN MENU

BASICS       NEW YORK
              FOR YOU

   TOURIST   GUIDE BY
ATTRACTIONS  BOROUGH


MAIN MENU

     SELECT AN OPTION

TV & MOVIE  BROADWAY             FOOD
   TOURS       BABIES      ENTHUSIASTS

CULTURE             SOUND  FASHIONISTAS
VULTURES           HOUNDS

           PARTY   CONTRIBUTORS
          ANIMALS


    MAIN MENU

Basics

You’re in New York City… the Big Apple… the City
That Never Sleeps. Just like the Sinatra song, you
will want to be a part of it. You can do that, but there
are a few things you should know first.
In this section we’ll tell you about the kind of weather
you can expect, the currency to take and how to get
out and about around the city. Pack your holiday
gear, load your wallet and get ready to climb aboard.
Follow our tips for international travellers and let the
New York City adventure begin!

WEATHER     MONEY  TRANSPORT

 AIRPORT &         TRAVELLER
TRANSFERS               TIPS


     BASICS

WEATHER

Autumn
In autumn the average high temperature is
around 15.5°C to 21.1°C (60°F to 70°F) and
the leaves begin to fall. The nights are cooler
and the daytime temperature is perfect for
exploring the city. During autumn, the city
enjoys an average of 7.5 hours per day of
sunlight.

Winter
Naturally, New York grows cold in winter,
but it is also fairly dry. The temperatures
range from between -5°C and 3°C (23°F
and 37.4°F) and the city enjoys roughly 5.5
hours of daylight, rising closer to 6 hours in
January and February. Snow in the city is
not uncommon.

Spring
Say goodbye to the colder temperatures of
wintertime New York as spring ushers in
milder temperatures of between 5°C and
15°C (41°F and 59°F). The light starts to hold
for an average of 8 hours per day, increasing
to as many as 10 as spring rolls on.

Summer
Weather-wise temperatures hover between
20°C and 29°C (68°F and 84°F), with
average daily highs hitting between 24°C
and 27°C (75.2°F to 80.6°F). In June and
July the days are long, with approximately
11 hours of sunlight, and August also boasts
around 10 hours. Rainfall is minimal in this
warm season.


     BASICS

MONEY

The US Dollar is the currency used in
NYC. You may find the rate for buying
dollars is better once you arrive. It’s
possible to change money at an ATM,
bank or currency exchange office. Tipping
between 10% - 20% is customary when
you eat out in NYC, while tipping a dollar to
your bar tender is also standard. Note that
surcharges and taxes may apply for taxi
services.


     BASICS

Transport

New York is well connected. You can be too, since
this section offers information on the different
modes of transport in the city, from public mass
transit transport to private services. The main
transportation network is the Metropolitan Transport
Authority (MTA). It provides subway, bus and railroad
transportation.

    Taxis
    Subways
    Buses
    Trams
    Bicycle


    TRANSPORT

TAXIS

An official NYC yellow taxi cab calculates
fares based on distance and time, plus tips
and tolls, and uses a meter. Taxis charge
$0.50 per 1/5 of a mile (or per 60 seconds in
slow or non-moving traffic). Travel between
4.00 pm and 8.00 pm adds $1.00 to your
fare on weekdays (except holidays), and
travel between 8.00 pm and 6.00 am a
smaller surcharge of $0.50 regardless of the
day. Private car services are also available in
New York City. Dial 7 Car and Limo Service,
Carmel Super Save, Ozo Car Service and
Allstate Car and Limo Service are all good
options.


    TRANSPORT

SUBWAYS

A ride on the NYC subway costs $2.75 with
a MetroCard, whereas a Single Ride ticket
will cost you $3.00. You can buy Unlimited
MetroCards for either 7 or 30 days, which
save you money if you are staying for
at least a week, enabling unlimited bus
and subway travel (with the exception of
Express, PATH and AirTrain). A Pay-Per-Ride
MetroCard needs to be loaded with credit.

Major stations include the Howard Beach
station and the Sutphin Boulevard station,
since both offer connections to JFK Airport.
There are also stops at some of the city’s
main attractions such as Times Square and
other famous places like Wall Street.


    TRANSPORT

BUSES

When you get on the bus make sure
you have the correct change: $2.75, with
MetroCard, or $3.00 for a Single Ride ticket
(this ticket is only sold at vending machines).
If you pay with MetroCard, insert the card
into the fare box and it will automatically
deduct the fare.

If you’ve paid with coins on buses with
intersecting routes, you can ask the driver
for a transfer card and transfer free between
the routes. MetroCard also enables free
transfer between local buses and the
subway. The time valid for the transfer is two
hours from when you paid your fare.


    TRANSPORT

TRAMS

The Roosevelt Island Tram is an aerial
tram that connects Roosevelt Island with
the Upper East Side of Manhattan. The
Manhattan station is on 60th Street and
Second Avenue. From Sunday to Thursday it
runs from 6.00 am to 2.20 am, and on Friday
and Saturday from 6.00 am to 3.30 am.

The fare is the same as the New York City
subway at $2.75 per ride. The tram uses
the same MetroCard system as the MTA,
and children under 44 inches (3’6”) can ride
for free if they’re with a fare-paying adult.
The operators recommend purchasing
MetroCards from staffed MTA booths at any
subway station.


    TRANSPORT

BICYCLE

Cycling is allowed on all main and local
streets, but not on the pavement, and you
must ride your bike in marked paths and
lanes where available. Make sure your bike
has a front light, a tail light and a bell. It’s a
legal requirement to stop at red lights and
stop signs, just like you would in the car.

The city has a bike sharing system, Citi Bike,
which allows you to collect up and deposit
bikes at various docking points around New
York. One of the best places to cycle is
Central Park, and you can also hire bikes
here from Central Park Cycle Hire. Why not
go on a tour?


     BASICS

Airports and Airport Transfers

In this section we provide you with information about
New York’s major airports and how you can transfer
from them to New York City once your flight has
landed (or reach them for the return journey). Bus,
subway, taxi or private car — we’ve got it covered
for you!

    John F. Kennedy (JFK)
    La Guardia (LGA)
    Newark (EWR)


   AIRPORTS & TRANSFERS

John F. Kennedy (JFK)

It’s hard to imagine that John F. Kennedy
International Airport (JFK) was once a golf course,
and original plans suggested it would only cover
1,000 acres. Work began on the site in April 1942
and today the airport stands at 4,930 acres — 880
acres of this is occupied by the Central Terminal.
JFK has been accommodating international flights
since July 1948.
Situated 15 miles from mid Manhattan in Queens,
the airport was originally called the Idlewild Airport.
In memory of the late 35th President of the United
States, it was renamed the John F. Kennedy
International Airport in 1963. It is now as charismatic
as JFK himself, with six terminals accommodating
flights for more than 80 airlines — and a whopping
125 gates serving the terminals.
Terminals feature an array of places to eat and
drink, whether you’re looking for a casual coffee
to perk yourself up for early morning travel, or
something more filling for an evening flight. There’s
even a caviar house in Terminal 4! The terminals
also feature stylish shops like Mont Blanc so you
can pen elegant postcards from your destination, or
Swarovski so you can pick up the finest jewellery.
30 minutes of free Wi-Fi access is available in the
terminals too.
Getting to and from the airport is easy, with
connections to the bus system, subway and Long
Island Rail Road system available at the Jamaica
and Howard Beach stops.
Flying to or from JFK International Airport is an
experience.

    Taxis
    Subway / Bus
    Train / Airtrain


        JFK

TAXIS

You can take a yellow taxi from JFK
International Airport and, depending on the
destination and time of day, you may have
to pay a surcharge. A trip from the airport to
Manhattan is generally charged at a $52 flat
rate, plus tolls and tips (tipping is important
in New York!). If the peak travel surcharge
applies it costs $1 between 4.00 pm and
8.00 pm, and $0.50 between 8.00 pm and
6.00 am.

You can also take a private cab to and from
the airport with firms like New Golden Horse
Car Service or Allstate Private Car and
Limousine. Separate rates may apply.


        JFK

SUBWAY / BUS

Even in a huge city like New York, taking
public transport is straightforward. If you’re
catching the subway to or from Lower
Manhattan to the airport, you can take
the MTA NYC Transit ‘A’ train and stop at
the Howard Beach / JFK Airport station. If
your port of call is Midtown Manhattan, or
from there to the airport, the ‘E’ train is the
route to take. Get off at Sutphin Boulevard,
Archer Avenue, or JFK Airport station as
appropriate.

Catching the bus is even easier. The Q3
and Q10 run to Queens, and the B15
goes to East New York. There are subway
connections on all of the routes.


        JFK

TRAIN / AIRTRAIN

Running 24 hours a day, the AirTrain and
other trains make it easy to get to and from
New York City. The AirTrain stops at each
of the terminal buildings plus other facilities
around the airport, like the car parks.

The train connects with the Jamaica Station
MTA NYC subway E train, which will take
you to Mid and Upper Manhattan, and at
the same station you can catch the Transit J
or A Subway for travel to southern Queens.
You can also climb aboard the Transit
A subway to Lower Manhattan from the
Howard Beach Station.

Much quicker is the Long Island Rail Road
connection at Jamaica Station to Manhattan
Penn Station. This takes less time at 35
minutes, but costs more at $15.


   AIRPORTS & TRANSFERS

La Guardia Airport

Sitting eight miles from Midtown Manhattan in the
borough of Queens, La Guardia is one of the three
major airports in New York and it began life as an
amusement park before being transformed into a
private airfield in 1929. Taken over by New York
City in 1937 and then developed further, the airport
reopened in 1939 as New York Municipal Airport –
La Guardia Field.
Today the airport covers 680 acres, has space for
up to 72 aircraft gates and deals with more than 25
million passengers per year. The airport has four
main terminal buildings — A, B, C and D — and two
main runways. Each of these runways is 7,000 feet
long by 150 feet wide.
The original terminal, terminal A, had international
flights on flying boats back in the 1940s, and the
Marine Air terminal was officially designated an
historic landmark in 1995. Terminal B, which opened
to the public in 1964, serves the majority of the
scheduled domestic airlines at the airport, whereas
Terminal C has a shuttle section for passengers
on hourly flights to Boston and Washington D.C.
Meanwhile, Terminal D was given a revamp in the
last couple of years.
Complimentary 30 minute Wi-Fi service is available
throughout the terminals. There are plenty of places
to eat at the terminals too, with fast-food favourites
such as Dunkin’ Donuts and healthier options like
Healthy Gourmet. The airport also provides you with
opportunities for a spot of clothes shopping in shops
like Desigual and Lacoste.

    Taxis / Private Car
    Subway / Bus
    Shuttle


        LGA

TAXIS /
PRIVATE CAR SERVICE

There are taxi services in front of all the
La Guardia terminals, and you can choose
between a private car or a yellow cab. If
you prefer a private car, you can try firms
such as Dial 7 Car and Limousine or Carmel
Super Saver.

A yellow cab trip to Lower, Mid or Upper
Manhattan will cost you between $25 and
$37. If you travel between 4.00 pm and 8.00
pm on weekdays you’ll generally have to pay
a $1 surcharge. Trips between 8.00 pm and
6.00 pm incur a surcharge of $0.50. Check
the meter when you get into your cab; it
should start at $3.00.


        LGA

BUS / SUBWAY

La Guardia Airport is well connected. The
M60 takes you to Upper Manhattan via
Queens. Popular connections are the N and
Q subway trains at Hoyt Avenue/31st Street;
the 4, 5 and 6 subway trains at Lexington
Avenue; and the Metro-North at Park
Avenue.

If you’re visiting Midtown Manhattan or
western Queens, take the Q70 or Q47.
Subway connections for the E, F, M, R and 7
trains are available at Roosevelt Avenue/74th
Street.

Services between La Guardia and Central
Queens include the Q72 and Q48.

Bus fare is $2.75 ($3.00 for single ride
tickets), and you’ll need the exact change.


        LGA

SHUTTLE

You can jump onto the shuttle bus at the
airport and arrive in Manhattan in no time
at all with the NYC Airporter. The service
runs seven days a week between 5.30 am
and 11.30 pm, departing every 20 to 30
minutes on the hour. You can take it to and
from Grand Central, Penn Station, the Port
Authority Bus Terminal and Bryant Park.

There’s free WiFi on the bus and you can
catch a free shuttle to Times Square plus
hotels between 23rd and 63rd streets.
Tickets are approximately $13 and are valid
for up to 90 days after you buy them.


   AIRPORTS & TRANSFERS

Newark (EWR)

Newark Liberty International Airport (EWR) has a
proud history behind it and it has seen numerous
improvements throughout the years. The airport is
just 14 miles from Manhattan and it plays a crucial
part in the New York–New Jersey area. Crossing
from Newark into Elizabeth, the airport opened in
1928 and it is the oldest airfield in the US. It also
bears the distinction of being the site of the US’s first
commercial airline terminal.
Newark Liberty International Airport has three main
terminals: A, B and C. The oval central terminal
consists of 425 acres (originally, the airport itself was
built on a mere 68 acres of marshland). Terminal B
was expanded from a two level terminal to a three
level one. This is also true of Terminal C, which has
two departure levels.
Getting to and from the airport isn’t a problem, since
there is an AirTrain Newark service, which connects
from the airport with NJ Transit services to New
York and New Jersey. This AirTrain also calls in at
various stops around the airport, making it easy to
get from terminal to terminal, or even to the car park
or an airport hotel. Taxis, private car services and an
express bus service are also available to and from
the airport to New York City.
There are food courts in both terminals A and B, and
eateries near the different gates in terminal C, which
include sushi bars, steakhouses and Starbucks. You
can also access WiFi for 30 minutes free of charge.

    Taxis / Private Car
    Shuttle
    New Jersey Transit
    Airport Express


       EWR

TAXIS /
PRIVATE CAR SERVICE

From Newark Liberty International Airport,
a yellow taxi cab journey into New York City
can cost anywhere between $50 and $70.
The local taxi commission also charges an
extra $5.50 if you use your credit card to
pay. A $5 surcharge is applied during peak
travel times on weekdays: 6.00 am to 9.00
am and between 4.00 pm and 7.00 pm.
At the weekends this changes so that the
charge applies between 12.00 noon and
8.00 pm, to all points in the State of New
York.

If you prefer a private car service, a range
of companies offer airport services. Carmel
Super Save and Dial 7 Car and Limo
Service are more flexible in terms of the
destinations they cover.


       EWR

SHUTTLE

It’s possible to book a shuttle from Newark
Liberty International Airport through to New
York City. This is especially practical if you’re
travelling in a group and it allows you to soak
up the scenery – and the atmosphere – from
the moment you leave the airport.

Shuttle companies, such as Super Shuttle
and Go Airlink NYC, offer this service.
With Super Shuttle you can opt for shared
transport, which means you catch the
shuttle with others going in your direction,
or for a non-stop van that takes you direct
to the destination. Go Airlink NYC provides
a shared-ride service, plus private transport
options such as sedan and SUV services.


       EWR

NEW JERSEY TRANSIT

Take the Newark AirTrain and connect
with the NJ Transit at the airport. The NJ
Transit train provides fast, convenient travel
and will transport you from Newark Liberty
International Airport to Penn Station, in
Manhattan, in 30 minutes. This station
connects with the NYC subway, Amtrak and
the Long Island Rail Road.

A minimum of six trains each hour stop at
the airport between 6.00 pm and 9.00 pm,
and at least four between 9.00 pm and 12.00
midnight. The fare for the Newark AirTrain
is already included in the NJ Transit fare.
You will need to pass your ticket through the
gates at the station, so keep your ticket.


       EWR

NEWARK AIRPORT
EXPRESS

The Newark Airport Express bus stops
at all three terminals in Newark Liberty
International Airport — all of these are on
level 1 — and will take you into New York
City, stopping in Midtown Manhattan at
Grand Central, Bryant Park and the Port
Authority Bus Terminal. The service runs
regularly, arriving at each stop every 15
minutes throughout the day. Early morning
and late night travellers should note that
these intervals are slightly longer, at every
30 minutes, before 6.45 am and after 11.15
pm.

A one-way ticket will cost $16, or you
can purchase a return ticket for $28.00.
The service is quick and convenient and
operates 365 days a year.


       BASICS

 Tips for international travelers

 1. Take light, comfortable shoes. This is New York
     and you’re sure to explore the city on foot!

 2. Arrive at the Metropolitan Museum and the
     Museum of Modern Art (MoMA) early. They can
     retain your interest all day.

 3. If you’re going to use the subway a lot, purchase
     a MetroCard Unlimited for limitless rides on the
     subway until midnight.

 4. Be mindful of the space around you. Don’t stop
     abruptly on the subway stairs, or block the
     whole pavement. New Yorkers walk quickly and
     purposefully, and won’t appreciate bumping into
     you.

 5. Always carry your passport with you. You’re
     subject to the laws of the state and must be able
     to prove you have permission to enter and leave
     it. When planning to travel to New York, check
     entry requirements online, or with your nearest
     embassy or consulate.

 6. Buy a New York Pass for one-time entry to more
     than 80 attractions — and queue jumping on
     arrival!

 7. Pushed for time? Take a tour on the hop-on, hop-
     off bus and see Manhattan in a day!

 8. You can stay connected and still appreciate
     nature in New York. Several public parks,
     including Central Park, offer free WiFi!

 9. Ask for the cross streets when getting directions.
     This makes it much easier to find your
     destination.

10. If you are visiting Staten Island, take the ferry
     from Lower Manhattan and don’t worry about the
     fare: it’s free!


    MAIN MENU

Top Tourist Attractions

Explorers and experience junkies will simply love
New York. With its stellar shows, terrific tours, iconic
buildings and vibrant venues, plus a host of splendid
restaurants, it’s the greatest city in the world to
experience something new. Here are a few places
where you can revel in the magic of New York.

    Statue of Liberty
    Empire State Building
    Rockefeller Center
    Times Square
    Central Park


TOURIST ATTRACTIONS

STATUE OF LIBERTY

The Statue of Liberty is the most famous
symbol of freedom and democracy in the
world. Standing tall on Liberty Island, the
statue watches over New York Harbour.
Designed by sculptor Fréderic Bartholdi and
engineer Gustave Eiffel, the statue was a gift
of friendship from France on the centenary
of American Independence in 1846.

This inspiring colossus is made from copper,
steel and iron, with a design that draws on
classical elements and iconography. The
statue’s design and construction made it
one of the 19th century’s greatest technical
achievements. Sightseers can visit the
statue’s crown and pedestal – the view of
the harbour from the crown is unbelievable.

Book Tickets Now

                 OPENING HOURS

Summer operating hours at the Statue of Liberty and Ellis
Island begin Memorial Day weekend. They are in operation
from late May until early September.

Catch a boat at 8:30am, any day of the week, from either
Battery Park in Lower Manhattan or Liberty State Park in
Jersey City, New Jersey.

Don’t miss the last boats back to NYC, departing at 6:45pm.

    CONTACT          Find Out More

Tel: 1-877-523-9849

Tel: 201-604-2800


TOURIST ATTRACTIONS

EMPIRE STATE BUILDING

338-350 5th Avenue, New York,
NY 10118, USA

The Empire State Building truly reaches
for the skies with 102 storeys; it boasts
both a main deck on the 86th floor and a
top deck, which stands on the 102nd. Both
decks have observatories for you to take
in the views of the city skyline. In 1931,
President Hoover opened the building and
switched on its lights, and since 1976 the
lights have observed a tradition of changing
colour to acknowledge different events
and organisations throughout the year.
The museum features exhibitions such as
‘Dare to Dream’, which tells the story of this
immense building and pays tribute to the
brilliance of those involved in its creation.

Book Tickets Now

      TRANSPORT                        TIMES

Subway:                        Open every day:
Nearest Subways: 6 to 33rd     8:00am to 2:00am.
Street; B/D/F, Q, or 1/2/3 to  Including all holidays, 365
34th Street                    days a year, rain or shine

                               *The last elevator up is at
                               1:15AM.

                                  Find Out More


TOURIST ATTRACTIONS

ROCKEFELLER CENTER

338-350 5th Avenue, New York,
NY 10118, USA

Developed with the firm belief that art is
an act of good citizenship, the Rockefeller
Center is a major US landmark and a
cultural and commercial hub. Sculptures
and works of art recount the development of
human spirit, science and industry, while the
Radio City Music Hall offers performances
and tours. Visitors can also take in the
Rockefeller Center’s NBC Studios with an
entertaining behind-the-scenes tour, or see
a popular show here. Round off your visit
with a bite to eat in the Rockefeller Center
concourse — or refuel for action on the ice
rink! Top it all off by capturing the stellar view
from the observation deck on the 70th floor.

Book Tickets Now

     TRANSPORT               TICKET PRICES

Subway:                      Adult         $30.00
B D F M TRAINS:              Child (6-12)  $24.00
                             Senior (62+)  $28.00
Take the B, D, F, or M       Rock MoMA     $45.00
train to the 47-50th Street  Combo         $45.00
Rockefeller Center stop.     Sun & Stars   $36.00
                             (Adult)       $20.00
       CONTACT               Sun & Stars   $42.00
                             (Child)
    Tel : 212.332.6868       Rockefeller
                             Center Tour
    Find Out More            Rock Pass


TOURIST ATTRACTIONS

TIMES SQUARE

Manhattan, NY 10036, United States

Visit Times Square, ‘The Crossroads of
the World’, and experience this iconic
New York City hub. Famed for its New
Year celebrations, Times Square in Mid
Manhattan is packed with attractions, shops
and places to eat and drink: Madame
Tussauds, Ripley’s Believe It or Not!,
Discovery Times Square and the Hard Rock
Café are all there waiting for you to drop
by. Dine out on Times Square’s famous
‘Restaurant Row’ before capturing blues,
jazz, cabaret and comedy at the various
clubs in Times Square, or a musical on
Broadway. Better yet, why not do it all?

Location

    CONTACT             Find Out More

Tel : (646) 663 – 5872


TOURIST ATTRACTIONS

CENTRAL PARK

You’ve seen it in the movies, but the verdant
space of Central Park in Manhattan is even
more beautiful in real life. This carefully
conserved park of 843 acres features
fantastically green areas such as the Great
Lawn and the formal Conservatory Garden.
There are also lakes, ponds, pools, ravines
and even a loch! Seize the opportunity to zip
around on the Wollman Rink as well if you’re
there in the winter months. Fun sculptures
like Alice in Wonderland are dotted around
the park, while the Strawberry Fields John
Lennon memorial is an inspiring spot to wile
away an hour. Central Park radiates the
essence of the Big Apple!

Book a Tour

OPENING HOURS           Transport
                     Find Out More
   Daily: 6am-1am


TOURIST ATTRACTIONS

                     TRANSPORT

   Subway:
   Central Park is accessible by subway, with the
   A, B, C, D, and 1 trains stopping at Columbus

CCEirN(oTn RtheAsoLuthPwAesRt cKorner of the park)

   B and C local trains continuing along Central
   Park W, with stops at 72nd St, 81st St (under
   the Natural History Museum on the Upper
   West Side), 86th St, 96th St, 103rd St, and 110

YoSut’.ve seen it in the movies, but the verdant
smpoS(aerocxemperbeeowesfashC)ualtteiinffnuuetrslrthaitnerlarPrvweeaaelrsluktpl,iifnteBh.reMoTa1ahdn(iwlsohacacyata,lt)tarheanonfuudisgll2hye/3tvheant
coanvseenruveeadngplaerskfuorfth8e4r 3anadcfruertshefer atotuthreeswest
fananottar1ts1ht0wicthaarSdllytfraognmrdeLeCenonluaomxrebAauvsse,Csnuire.cTahrhetahs2e/3nthoaerltshGoearsestoat pt
Lacwornnearnodf tthheepfaorrkm. al Conservatory Garden.
aTnhaOdecnrceeetvhsaeesrneUedpaabpllyesorotcaEhklaa!inskSgteeStshiizd,eeep4,ot,thnh5eed, aspon,apdrppko6ocolrailntnsue,nbsreiatayvloitnnogezsip
arLoeuxnindgotonn tAhvee WanodllwmaalkninRg i3nbkloacskswweellsitf. you’re
tlihkea5TettrhheA5eA7rliientvcheiestShaiatnenlasdWwno6dia0on6tntshtethdoSreAptm,rvoleaaon,nnnbdtdhtohaetashsN.rtne,oFeQpudaonroanttnhstdetechdRuesloapFliunrtttouehraurseeinnrasndt
thelimpitasrokf, twhehiplearkth. e Strawberry Fields John
Lennon memorial is an inspiring spot to wile
away an hour. CentCralol sPeark radiates the
essence of the Big Apple!

Book a Tour

OPENING HOURS           Transport
                     Find Out More
   Daily: 6am-1am


    NY FOR YOU

TV and Movie Tours

Iconic New York City landmarks like the Empire
State Building have served as the backdrop for
numerous popular television programmes and
blockbuster movies. Weaving fact and fiction, local
actors provide an entertaining and informative tour
of film locations and behind-the-scenes insights
while travellers walk in the footsteps of legendary
performers.

    Gossip Girl
    Sex and the City
    Sopranos
    Girls HBO
    CP & Movie Site Tours


TV AND MOVIE TOURS

GOSSIP GIRL

The New York Palace Hotel, 455 Madison Ave.
(between 50th & 51st St.)New York, NY 10022

As you tour the Upper East Side in New
York, get an up-close look at the lifestyles
of the characters from the award-winning
Gossip Girl. Experience a day in the life of
a young Manhattan socialite, with special
access to exclusive shops, eateries and
other hotspots. Pass by the Vera Wang
boutique, or shop at the lavish Dylan’s
Candy Bar and the luxurious Henri Bendel
department store. Visit Grand Central
Terminal and the Empire Hotel, or stop
for photos on the steps of the acclaimed
Metropolitan Museum of Art where the girls
eat lunch every day.

Book Tickets Now

    TRANSPORT                      TIMES

Nearest Subway:                     10 am
6 at 51st St.; E, M at Fifth
Ave.-53rd St.                 Find Out More

Tour Ends:
Grand Central Station

Nearest Subway:
4, 5, 6, 7, and S to Grand
Central - 42nd St.


TV AND MOVIE TOURS

SEX AND THE CITY

57th Street and 5th Ave
New York, NY 10022

Young women have long followed the
exploits, fashion and personal lives of Carrie,
Charlotte, Miranda and Samantha. New
York City itself played a starring role in the
popular HBO series Sex and the City. Visit
the spots in Midtown, SoHo, Greenwich
Village and the Meatpacking District where
the programme was filmed on location.
Learn about the show while viewing upscale
restaurants and designer boutiques. A
Sex and the City tour enables guests to
experience the Big Apple landmarks that
featured in many of the most memorable
scenes, such as the brownstone stoop and
the bar owned by some of the characters.

Book Tickets Now

     TRANSPORT                     TIMES

Nearest Subway:                      11 am
N, Q, R to 5th Ave./59th St.
                              Find Out More


TV AND MOVIE TOURS

SOPRANOS

7th Avenue near 39th Street (exact location
given upon purchase)

For a look at the fictional New York and New
Jersey underworld, take a Sopranos location
tour. Visitors will recall famous scenes
featuring mob bosses and other “made men”
running the “family business” while visiting
well-known settings like the Bada Bing and
Barone Sanitation. Ride by many of the
landmarks shown in the opening scene of
the Emmy Award-winning series, and then
take photos while sitting in the Holsten’s
booth where it all ended. The tour, led by
local actors who have appeared on the show
or were stand-ins, provides little-known
facts and behind-the-scenes details so that
visitors can feel like part of the show.

Book Tickets Now

    CONTACT                       TIMES

Tel : (212) 913-9780        Saturday at 10 am

Advance purchase required.  Find Out More


TV AND MOVIE TOURS

GIRLS HBO

Greenpoint, Brooklyn

New York’s five boroughs are home to some
of the world’s best-known attractions and
iconic landmarks. These sites have provided
the backdrop for numerous movies and
television programmes like Girls on HBO in
New York. Visitors can find the settings of
memorable scenes, while strolling through
Manhattan’s eclectic neighbourhoods like
Midtown, the West Village and Lower East
Side, as well as NoHo and Chelsea. It’s
easy to soak in the ambience and enjoy the
views when visiting the Warwick Hotel, the
Jane Hotel, the Lehmann Maupin Gallery
and the High Line. Visitors can also listen to
live music at the laid-back Tom and Jerry’s
Bar seen on the show.

Book Tickets Now

     LOCATION         Find Out More

Greenpoint, Brooklyn


TV AND MOVIE TOURS

CENTRAL PARK TV AND
MOVIE SITES TOUR

59th St., near Fifth Ave. (exact spot to be given
upon purchase), New York, NY 10022

Situated between 59th and 110th streets, the
843-acre, verdant Central Park has been the
backdrop for movies and television shows
since 1908. The tour takes you to iconic
locations like the Boathouse, the Promenade
and the Bethesda Fountain. Visitors of
all ages will easily recognise many of the
settings from their favourite programmes
and films as they stroll through the park.
Follow in the footsteps of the likes of Audrey
Hepburn, Steve Carell and Meg Ryan, and
view the iconic backdrops while immersing
yourself in the culture and atmosphere of
New York’s best-loved green space.

Book Tickets Now

     TRANSPORT                    TIMES

Nearest Subway:                    12 pm
N, R to Fifth Ave./59th
St.; Q to 57th St. (Seventh  Find Out More
Ave.); F to 57 St. (Sixth
Ave.); 1, 2, A, B, C, D to
59th St.–Columbus Circle
(Central Park South).


   NY FOR YOU

Broadway Babies

For theatre lovers, there are few better
destinations than New York City. Travellers
to the Big Apple have access to hundreds
of theatres on Broadway…and beyond.
A variety of different productions are
performed every night of the week, featuring
classic stories, famous actors and stunning
sets.

BROADWAY       OFF
  SHOWS   BROADWAY

            SHOWS


   BROADWAY BABIES

Broadway Shows

Broadway is an area in Manhattan that is also
known as the Theatre District. When people speak
of seeing a Broadway show, they are referring to a
production held in one of the district’s 40 theatres
seating 500 people each. While there are countless
shows to take in, some of Broadway’s finest include
The Lion King, Wicked and The Book of Mormon.

    The Lion King
    Wicked
    Book of Mormon
    Beautiful
    On Your Feet
    American in Paris


BROADWAY SHOWS

THE LION KING

Minskoff Theatre, 200 W 45th St
New York, NY

It is hard to imagine bigger names than
those involved in ‘The Lion King’, with
music by Sir Elton John, lyrics by Sir Tim
Rice and the score itself created by Hans
Zimmer. This long-running Broadway show
has impressed theatre buffs on stages
around the world. Today, the musical tours
different locales, but its city of origin and
theatre home is New York City. The story
of the young lion prince Simba has become
a family favourite and received critical
acclaim, evidenced by five Tony Awards and
several more nominations. See ‘The Lion
King’ in New York and savour this musical
masterpiece.

                 Book Tickets Now

      TRANSPORT                        CONTACT

Nearest Subway:                   Tel : 949-333-4001
The N, Q, R and W subway
lines; the 1, 2, 3 and 7 subway          TIMES
lines; and the B, V, F and D
subway lines will all take you   Vary. Typically:
to W 42 Street, a few streets    Sunday: 1.00pm & 6.00pm
down from the theatre.           Monday: No Shows
                                 Tuesday/Wed: 7.00pm
                                 Thurs/Fri: 8.00pm
                                 Saturday: 2.00pm & 8.00pm

                                 Find Out More


BROADWAY SHOWS

WICKED

The Gershwin Theatre
222 W. 51st St. (btw. Broadway & 8th Ave.) New York City

Everyone grows up hearing the magical
story of the Wizard of Oz, but the musical
‘Wicked’ gives an alternate version of the
story for a captivating twist, telling the story
of the witches of Oz before Dorothy set
foot in the land. Showcased in the historic
Gershwin Theatre, which has been hosting
musicals for more than 20 years, ‘Wicked’
has won more than 100 international awards.
These include a Grammy and three Tony
Awards, while Entertainment Weekly has
referred to it as the Best Musical of the
Decade’ and The New York Times has
called it ‘Broadway’s biggest blockbuster’.
You don’t want to miss this!

Book Tickets Now

TRANSPORT                    TIMES

Nearest Subway:      Monday: No shows
C, E to 50th Street  Tuesday/Wed: 7.00pm
1, 9 to 50th Street  Thursday/Fri: 8.00pm
N, R to 49th Street  Saturday: 2.00pm & 8.00pm
                     Sunday: 2.00pm & 7.00pm

                     Find Out More


BROADWAY SHOWS

BOOK OF MORMON

Eugene O’Neill Theatre
230 W. 49th St. New York, NY 10019

Playing in the Eugene O’Neill Theatre is ‘The
Book of Mormon’, a satirical musical about
two American Mormons who visit Uganda
to try to convert the natives. Created in part
by South Park writers Trey Stone and Matt
Parker, this show is a youthful, progressive
performance that bridges the gap between
pop culture and musical theatre. The
show has won 11 Tony Awards. Witty and
irreverent, ‘The Book of Mormon’ runs for
an enjoyable 2 hours 30 minutes with an
intermission and boasts an incredible script
and fantastic characters. The catchy tunes
will have you singing along in no time.

Book Tickets Now

      TRANSPORT                     CONTACT

Nearest Subway:                 Tel : (212) 239-6200
Lines 1 and 2 will take you to
West 50th Street, between 7th          TIMES
Avenue and Broadway, placing
you just round the corner from  Monday: No shows
the theatre.                    Tue/Wed/Thurs: 7.00pm
                                Fri: 8.00 pm
                                Sat.2.00pm and 8.00pm
                                Sun. 2.00pm and 7.00pm

                                Find Out More


BROADWAY SHOWS

                                                    Blogger Recommended

BEAUTIFUL

Stephen Sondheim Theatre
124 West 43rd Street, New York, NY 10036

Timeless tunes will keep your feet tapping
and voice humming when you see
‘Beautiful’, the delightful, Grammy Award
winning musical based on the true-life story
of singer/songwriter Carole King. Just like
her career, this inspiring show is brimming
with hits, but it’s this girl’s mythical voice that
transports her to stardom as she shapes a
generation. Sung with passion and emotion,
iconic songs you’ll hear include ‘It’s Too
Late,’ ‘One Fine Day’ and ‘You’ve Got a
Friend’, plus covers of classic songs such
as ‘On Broadway’ and ‘Up on the Roof’.
‘Beautiful’ is simply the perfect way to
describe this show.

Book Tickets Now

      TRANSPORT                      CONTACT

Nearest Subway:                  Tel : (212) 239-6200
Take the B, D, F, M to 42nd
Street and 5th Avenue, the 7 or         TIMES
S to Times Square, or the 1, 2
or 3 to 42nd and 7th Avenue.     Box Office:
                                 Mon-Sat 10.00 - 8.00pm
Bus:                             Sun 12.00 - 6.00pm
Take the M6, M7, M10 or M20
                                   Find Out More


BROADWAY SHOWS

                                                    Blogger Recommended

ON YOUR FEET

46th Street between Broadway & 8th Avenue
New York, NY 10036

We all remember dance numbers from
the 1980s such as ‘Conga’ and “Rhythm
is Gonna Get You’ performed by the
Miami Sound Machine. This new musical,
scheduled to begin previews October 5
at the Marquis Theater, explores the lives
and relationship of Cuban power couple
Gloria and Emilio Estefan, who have won
26 Grammy Awards between them. The
show celebrates the incredible legacy of two
gifted people with powerful vision and long-
lasting love, as they become international
superstars. ‘On Your Feet’ is sure to lift
spirits and bring back nostalgic memories
simultaneously.

Book Tickets Now

     TRANSPORT                   CONTACT

Nearest Subway:               Tel : (212) 840-5577
Take the B, D, F or M to W
48th Street and 6th Avenue     Find Out More

Bus:
Take the M7 to W 47th Street
with 7th Avenue


BROADWAY SHOWS

                                                    Blogger Recommended

AMERICAN IN PARIS

1564 Broadway (Broadway and 47th Street)
New York, NY 10036

Paying tribute to the 1951 movie, this
splendid show took the stage by storm
earlier in 2015. Based on the film of
the same name, the musical features
unforgettable tunes from renowned
composers, George and Ira Gershwin, and
tells the love story of an American World
War II veteran-turned-painter and a beautiful
French shop girl. ‘American in Paris’
provides an exhilarating escape for two-plus
hours with its stellar cast and captivating
choreography by Christopher Wheeldon.
Dreamy sets and lavish lighting complete
this Broadway blockbuster at the Palace,
leaving show-goers with a wonderful feeling
as they exit the theater.

Book Tickets Now

      TRANSPORT                        CONTACT

Nearest Subway:                        SEND EMAIL
Take the N, Q, R; 1, 2, 3, 4, 5,
6; the A, C or E trains to 42nd           TIMES
Street Times Square
                                  Box Office:
Bus:                              Mon-Sat 10.00 - 8.00pm
Take the M104 to W 47th Street    Sun 12.00 - 6.00pm
with 7th Avenue
                                    Find Out More


   BROADWAY BABIES

Off Broadway Shows

The distinction between Broadway and Off-
Broadway shows can be as small as a single seat.
An Off-Broadway theatre might be on the same
street as a Broadway theatre, but will seat an
audience of 100 to 499 people each night. These
shows are just as impressive as their Broadway
counterparts.

    STOMP
    Blue Man Group
    The Flick
    Avenue Q
    The 39 Steps
    Trip of Love


OFF BROADWAY SHOWS

STOMP

Orpheum Theatre Box Office, 126 Second Avenue,

New York, NY 10003

The percussion group STOMP was founded
in England in 1991, but it has toured the
world in the years since. Today, visitors to
New York can catch STOMP performances
in the Orpheum Theatre where every seat
offers a fantastic view. Far from ordinary
percussion, STOMP uses unusual objects to
create a kaleidoscope of sound. Everything
from a broom to a dustbin can become a
part of the show’s energetic blend of dance,
music and theatre. Creativity, enthusiasm
and movement all combine on the stage for
a spectacular performance that will enthrall
people of any age.

Book Tickets Now

      TRANSPORT                       CONTACT

Subway:                          Tel : (855) 203-9980
Take the 6 train to Astor Place
or the N or R train to 8th              TIMES
Street.
                                 Box Office:
Bus:                             Mon: 1.00pm - 6.00pm
Take the M13, M15, M102 or       Tues - Fri: 1.00pm - 8.00pm
M103 bus.                        Sat: 12pm - 8pm
                                 Sun: 12.00pm - 5.30pm

                                 Show Times:
                                 Monday: Dark
                                 Tuesday-Fri: 8.00 pm
                                 Saturday: 3.00pm & 8.00pm
                                 Sunday: 2.00pm & 5.30pm

                                 Find Out More


OFF BROADWAY SHOWS

BLUE MAN GROUP

27 Barrow Street
New York, NY 10014

Check out the Blue Man Group and witness
an energetic performance that combines
music, technology and comedy. This thrilling
show and feast of colour is suitable for all
ages and has a permanent home in New
York City. The show continually features new
music, new technology, new stories and new
instruments, inspiring and delighting in equal
measure.

The Blue Man character was originally
created in a quest for meaning and purpose.
The character quickly became popular
in theatres and transformed itself into a
company. Since then the group has toured
far and wide and appeared on smash
US television shows such as ‘Arrested
Development’ and ‘Ellen’. Don’t miss it.

                 Book Tickets Now

      TRANSPORT                        CONTACT

Subway:                           Tel : (800) BLUEMAN
Take the 6 train to Astor
Place, walk one block south on           TIMES
Lafayette Street.
                                  Show Times:
Take the N/R to the               Monday-Fri: 8.00 pm
8th Street stop, walk from there  Saturday-Sun:
to Lafayette Street               2.00pm, 5.00pm& 8.00pm

Take the B/D/F/Q to Broadway-       Find Out More
Lafayette stop,
Walk from there to Lafayette
Street


OFF BROADWAY SHOWS

THE FLICK

27 Barrow Street, New York, NY 10014
(at 7th Avenue, South of Christopher Street)

In this play by Annie Baker, set in
Massachusetts, three low-earning
employees clean the floors of a shabby
movie theatre and take care of one of the
last 35 millimetre projectors in the state. The
minor battles and major heartbreaks of these
protagonists play out between the cinema
aisles, becoming far more entertaining than
the films shown on the screen there. The
play is hilarious but tugs on the heart strings
too. It won the 2014 Pulitzer Prize for Drama.
Buy yourself a ticket and find out why it
attracted the attention (and the admiration!)
of the Pulitzer judges.

Book Tickets Now

      TRANSPORT                        TIMES

Subway:                         Open 1pm Daily
Take Train 1 to Christopher
Street                          Show Times:
                                Tuesday-Thur: 7.30 pm
1 block south on 7th Avenue to  Friday: 8:00pm
Barrow                          Saturday: 2.30pm & 8:00pm
                                Sunday: 2:00pm & 7:30pm
Then take train A C E B D F or
M to West 4th Street.             Find Out More

Finally head West on 4th
Street, left on Barrow.


OFF BROADWAY SHOWS

                                                    Blogger Recommended

AVENUE Q

New World Stages, 340 West 50th Street,
New York, NY 10019

Winner of three Tony Awards including Best
Musical, Best Score and Best Book, Avenue
Q played on Broadway from 2003 to 2009,
after which it continued its run Off-Broadway
at New World Stages. The musical comedy
has become a New York theatre classic and
must-see for puppet fans and anyone who
appreciates raunchy humour that pushes
the envelope. Get ready to laugh out loud
while you follow a cast of outer borough
characters as they travel through life
searching for happiness, success and love.
It’s a little like Sesame Street for grownups,
but older teens will find the show hilarious as
well.

Book Tickets Now

      TRANSPORT                    CONTACT

Subway:                        Tel : +1 646-871-1730
Take the 1 or 2 to W 50th
between 7th and 8th avenue       Find Out More

Bus:
Take the M11 or M50 to W 50th
Street and 9th Avenue


OFF BROADWAY SHOWS

                                Blogger Recommended

THE 39 STEPS

Union Square Theatre
100 East 17th Street, NY 10003

This comedy based on the 1935 film spoofs
its way just 39 steps from Broadway at the
Union Square Theatre. Just four actors play
more than 150 characters and these roles
can change from minute to minute. This
hilarious play promises 100 minutes of jam-
packed laughter. You can watch the hero of
the play, Richard Hannay, as he frantically
attempts to solve the story’s puzzle and
clear his name before the show comes to
an end. The 39 Steps is sheer brilliance and
has twice won the admiration of Tony award
judges.

Book Tickets Now

      TRANSPORT                      CONTACT

Subway:                         Tel : +1 877-250-2929
Take the N, Q, R, 4, 5 or 6
lines to W 14th Street and             TIMES
Union Square.
                                Opening Times:
Bus:                            Mon 7.00 pm
Take the M1, M2 or M3 to        Tue: No show
Union Square E/E 15th Street    Wed: 2.00pm and 8.00pm
                                Thur and Fri: 8.00pm
                                Sat. 2.00pm and 8.00pm
                                Sun 3.00 pm

                                Find Out More


OFF BROADWAY SHOWS

                                                    Blogger Recommended

TRIP OF LOVE

Stage 42 Theatre
422 West 42nd Street, New York, NY 10036

Who doesn’t love a great dance show?
The upcoming musical, ‘Trip of Love’,
scheduled to open on October 18 at Stage
42, offers a few hours of unadulterated fun.
With a fierce dance ensemble boogieing
to 1960s hits such as ‘These Boots Were
Made for Walkin’,’ ‘Girl from Ipanema’
and ‘Wipeout’, the Trip of Love is sure to
entertain. Get ready to be wowed by the
troupe’s athleticism, palpable presence and
undeniable talent, not to mention the bold,
colourful costumes and sets.

Book Tickets Now

      TRANSPORT                    CONTACT

Subway:                        Tel : 1 212-239-6200
Take the A, C or E lines to
42nd Street between 8th and      Find Out More
9th Avenue

Bus:
Take the M11 to W 40th Street
with 9th Avenue


   NY FOR YOU

Food Enthusiasts

The sheer variety of eateries provides
food enthusiasts in New York with plenty
of choice. You can try everything from
food trucks to fast food options to sit-down
restaurants that offer every type of dish
imaginable. It’s the perfect place to try a new
dish or simply enjoy an old favourite.

RESTAURANTS  FAST FOOD
                JOINTS


   FOOD ENTHUSIASTS

Restaurants

In New York you can find anything from small unique
eateries in Chelsea Market to upscale celebrity
chef-owned restaurants all just within blocks of each
other. Daniel, Luka and Budakkan are just some
of the best places to eat in the city, providing the
magical cuisine and dining experiences that New
York restaurants offer.

    Daniel
    Luka
    Budakkan
    The River Cafe
    S Prime
    Blue
    BKB
    Buvette
    Via Vai


RESTAURANTS

DANIEL

60 E. 65th St., New York City, NY 10065
(Park Avenue)

Offering contemporary French cuisine, this
flagship restaurant created by Daniel Boulud
is the ultimate in sophistication, with a dress
code of elegant or business attire. You can
feast on innovative cuisine and choose from
an extensive wine list while taking in the neo
classical architecture of the restaurant. You
can sip on a King Louie cocktail or other
creative cocktails in the bar and lounge
before sitting down to your meal. This double
Michelin-starred restaurant also features a
highly exclusive dining area, the Skybox,
which allows the guests to watch the chefs
in action while they prepare the food.

Book a Table

 OPENING HOURS                     CONTACT

Dinner:                         Tel : 212 288-0033
Mon-Sat 5.30 -10.30 pm
                                Find Out More
Bar and Lounge:
Mon-Sat 5.30 pm-11.00 pm

     TRANSPORT

Subway:
Take the F train to Lexington
Avenue/E 63rd Street. The
restaurant is just two streets
away.


RESTAURANTS

LUKA

Grand Street
10002, New York, NY

Luka isn’t just about serving fantastic food:
it’s also about enjoying fabulous company.
Socialising is a big part of the Luka dining
experience, so if you like to meet new
people, you’ll love Luka. Sit down at a
communal table with other diners and the
chef will give you a warm welcome. Guest
chefs carefully prepare your meal, pairing
it with the best drinks and a little New York
flair. You should book at least 48 hours in
advance to dine at this friendly restaurant.
Eat at Luka and leave New York with an
even larger circle of friends!

Book a Table

OPENING HOURS                   CONTACT

Monday : 19:00 - 23:30    Tel : (646) 663 – 5872
Tuesay: 19:00 - 23:30
Wednesday: 19:00 - 23:30     DRESS CODE
Thursday: 19:00 - 23:30
Friday: 19:00 - 23:30          Smart - casual
Weekend: 12:00 - 23:30
                            Find Out More


RESTAURANTS

BUDAKKAN

Chelsea Market, 75 Ninth Ave, New York,
NY 10011, United States

Enter Buddakan and the first thing you
notice is that this restaurant, which serves
modern Asian cuisine, oozes style: the art on
the walls, elegant red and turquoise seating,
brown tables and a series of ornaments all
work together for a chic feel. This matches
the dress code of ‘Downtown chic, fun, hip’,
as the restaurant describes it!

As well as fun dishes like Mao Poe Tofu
and Mongolian lamb chops, order speciality
cocktails. These blend ingredients such as
cucumber, chilli, basil and watermelon for a
unique but refreshing taste that dances on
the palate.

Book a Table

OPENING HOURS               CONTACT

  Daily: 5.30pm – 1am  Tel : +1 212-989-6699

                         DRESS CODE

                           Smart - casual

                       Find Out More


RESTAURANTS

THE RIVER CAFE

Water Street between the Brooklyn Bridgeand
West Cadman Plaz

Nestled underneath the network of ramps
on the Brooklyn side of the East River,The
River Café New York features a menu of
gastronomic delights. Its setting along the
Brooklyn docks offers patrons marvellous
views of the Manhattan skyline as they dine
on culinary creations from renowned chefs.
The award-winning River Café is located on
Water Street between the Brooklyn Bridge
and West Cadman Plaza. Patrons can
enjoy lunch and leisurely Sunday brunch
in the outdoor seating area. Known as the
birthplace of the term ‘free-range chicken,’
the restaurant is a favourite destination for
environmental enthusiasts from around the
world.

What’s on the Menu

  OPENING HOURS                               CONTACT

Open Daily:                              Tel : +1 212-989-6699
Reservations essential
                                           Find Out More
     DRESS CODE

After 5:00 p.m. each day, jackets
are required for gentlemen in the
Main Dining Room and the Bar.

Appropriate clothing and footwear
are required in all areas at all times.


RESTAURANTS

S PRIME

35-11 36th Street Long Island City,
NY 11106, Queens

Just outside of Manhattan, in Queens, is
New York S Prime, an upscale steakhouse
perfect for a special meal for travellers.
Diners come to S Prime both for the
incredible food and for the exclusive
atmosphere, which brings an extra
something to birthday dinners or anniversary
celebrations. Executive Chef Joel Reiss
whips up exceptional steaks, of course,
but also fresh salads, indulgent seafood
and house-made cheeses. Add a bottle of
wine from the extensive collection onsite, or
take an adventurous pick from the long list
of speciality cocktails on offer. Refreshing
flavours include the Cucumber Spice and
the Razzle.

Book a Table

  OPENING HOURS                     CONTACT

Tuesday-Sat : 5.00pm             Tel : 718-707-0660
Mon & Sun : private events only
                                 DRESS CODE

                                   Smart - casual

                                 Find Out More


RESTAURANTS

BLUE

1115 Richmond Terrace
Staten Island, 10310

For a classic Mediterranean meal and
waterfront views, New York Blue is a Staten
Island favourite. While admiring the sunset
over the Newark and Upper Bays, you’ll feel
as though you’ve been transported to the
Mediterranean with a menu featuring dishes
as diverse as lamb meatballs in a pea ragu
and fried Halloumi cheese on a bed of rocket
and olives. To perfect an already amazing
menu, the bartenders at Blue can create
custom cocktails based on your preferences.

Book a Table

OPENING HOURS             CONTACT

Monday to Thursday:    Tel : 718-273-7777
12:00 Noon – 11:00pm
Friday and Saturday:   Find Out More
12:00 Noon – 12:00am
Sunday:
12:00 Noon – 10:00pm


RESTAURANTS

                                                    Blogger Recommended

BKB

99 Gansevoort Street, New York, NY 10014

This is my current favorite seafood
restaurant in NYC. They serve the best
cocktails around, crisp to perfection and
super refreshing. The food is off the scale!
My favorite plate and top recommendation
at BKB is the aged sirloin cooked medium,
served with black pepper, aromatic rub &
crispy lemon potatoes. If I’m in a party mood
I like to pair it with El Catrin cocktail. They
have an amazing double happy hour special
every day from 5-7pm

Book a Table

OPENING HOURS       Find Out More

Monday - Saturday:
5:00pm - 11:00pm

*Closed on Sundays


RESTAURANTS

                                                    Blogger Recommended

BUVETTE

Located on 42 Grove st, New York, NY 10014

Buvette is a charming little French restaurant
serving small plates of rustic French food
in the West Village. Part restaurant, part
bar, part cafe they have something to offer
everyone and being French they have a
great variety of wines to choose from. They
serve great brunches as well as my ‘off
the menu’ favorite Brandade de Morue au
Gratin, in other words Salted cod gratin
served with warm crostini. If you are in a
hurry just pop in for an espresso and enjoy
the casual and relaxed vibe.

                     Book a Table

OPENING HOURS    Find Out More

Open Daily:
8:00am - 2:00am


RESTAURANTS

                                                    Blogger Recommended

VIA VAI

Located on 42 Grove st, New York, NY 10014

This is an authentic Italian restaurant
located in a Greek neighborhood serving
mouth watering pastas, pizzas and wine.
The food at Via Vai always has an exciting
contemporary spin, yet this friendly
restaurant retains the laidback atmosphere
of traditional Italian osteria. I love ordering
the lamb ragu spaghetti with a glass of white
Pecorino. My daughters love the thin crust
margarita pizza made with fresh mozzarrella
cheese.

Book a Table

OPENING HOURS        CONTACT

Open Daily:       Tel : 347-612-4334
1:00pm - 12:00am
                  Find Out More


   FOOD ENTHUSIASTS

Fast Food Joints

New York is a culinary epicentre with its famous
restaurants and a street food scene that includes
pushcarts, food trucks and fast food eateries.
Whether you want unique dishes or just something
quick to eat, sample different foods at Potato Corner,
Crif Dogs and other New York fast food joints.

    Potato Corner
    Crif Dogs
    Five Guys Restaurant
    Los Amigos
    Tuck Shop
    Ample Hills Creamery


FAST FOOD JOINTS

POTATO CORNER

234 Canal St, New York 10013
(Between Centre & Baxter St)

From its New York Potato Corner
restaurants, this fast food chain offers
customers a variety of flavoured French fries
and other items. The chain has grown from
a single kiosk to more than 200 restaurants
worldwide. You’ll have a choice of straight
or curly fries cooked to a golden brown,
and the fries come topped with seasonings
ranging from chilli BBQ and cheddar to sour
cream and onion. Baked potatoes, hash
brown puffs and criss-cut sweet potatoes are
also on the menu. Complete your meal with
some tender, lightly breaded chicken strips.
Dips available include honey mustard and
chipotle BBQ.

What’s on the Menu

OPENING HOURS                     CONTACT

Open: 10am – 10pm             Tel : (212) 334-3457

                              Find Out More


FAST FOOD JOINTS

CRIF DOGS

113 Saint Marks Place,10009, New York, NY
555 Driggs Avenue,11211, Brooklyn, NY

New York Crif Dogs restaurants are
renowned for their hot dogs, served with
regular toppings like melted cheese, bacon,
onions and more exotic ones such as
avocado and pepperoncini. Serving fries,
soft drinks like iced tea and lemonade, and
beers, ‘C-dogs’ has earned a reputation as
a popular hangout and is an ideal place for
a quick after-hours bite in the revitalised
upscale East Village. If you prefer a burger
instead of a hot dog, the restaurant is happy
to oblige. The Crif burger can be ordered
with an equally generous variety of delicious
toppings, including pineapple, sour cream
and chilli cheese!

What’s on the Menu

  OPENING HOURS                    CONTACT

Sun-Thurs : Noon – 2.00am   1) Tel : +1 212 614 2728
Fri-Sat : 10.00am – 4.00am  2) Tel : +1 718 302 3200

                            Find Out More


FAST FOOD JOINTS

FIVE GUYS BURGER
AND FRIES

1) 343 Seventh Avenue, New York, NY 10001
2) 253 W 42nd Street, New York, NY 10036
3) 296 Bleecker Street, New York, NY 10014
4) 43 W 55th Street, New York, NY 10019

The New York Five Guys Burgers and Fries
restaurants serve handcrafted burgers,
kosher hot dogs, Cajun-style fries and more.
The chain claims proudly that its burgers
can be customised in more than 250,000
ways. Restaurants offer free toppings and
invite you to choose as many as you wish.
Group and online orders are also possible,
making pickup easier so that guests can get
back to sightseeing. Five Guys burger joints
enable visitors to savour the flavours of well-
made burgers and even sautéed vegetable
sandwiches the American way. Don’t forget
to try the bulk peanuts served around the
restaurant as well.

What’s on the Menu

OPENING HOURS             CONTACT

  Open 11am – 10pm  1) Tel : 212-564-9804
  (times may vary)  2) Tel : 212-398-2600
                    3) Tel : 212-367-9600
                    4) Tel : (212)-459-9600

                    Find Out More


FAST FOOD JOINTS

                                                    Blogger Recommended

LOS AMIGOS

Located on 2273 31st, Long Island City,
NY 11105

This is a low-key Mexican gem. In my
humble opinion, Los Amigos serve the best
chicken enchiladas in NY state! I like it in
salsa verde which means green sauce. You
can choose red sauce if you want it extra
spicy. They also serve a delicious michelada
which is beer (your favorite) poured into a
glass filled with hot sauce! My dream in a
mug. They also serve delicious beef nachos
which come with chunky avocado pieces.
Viva mexico!

Book a Table

OPENING HOURS         CONTACT

 Open Daily:       Tel : 718-726-8708
 11:00am - 4:00am
                   Find Out More


FAST FOOD JOINTS

                                                    Blogger Recommended

TUCK SHOP

68 East 1st street between 1st & 2nd ave
Chelsea Market 75 9th Avenue (between 15th
and 16th street)

This is an Australian underground pie shop
with locations on 1st Street and Chelsea
market. They serve awesome pies to stay
or on the go. My favorite is the chili pie.
Although there is no meat inside this pie, it’s
very filling with a nice spicy kick. If you need
some fast food on the go that won’t make
you feel guilty as hell give these pies a whirl!

Book a Table

OPENING HOURS         CONTACT

 Open Daily:       Tel : 212 255 2021
 10:00am - 2:00am
                   Find Out More


FAST FOOD JOINTS

                                                    Blogger Recommended

AMPLE HILLS CREAMERY

305 Nevins street, Brooklyn, NY 11215

This is not your typical ice cream shop.
I visited this shop a few weeks ago and
couldn’t get enough of it! The shop has a
nice play area for kids, a rooftop lounging
area where you can hang with friends late
at night, eating ice cream and gazing at the
stars. The ice cream flavors are all unique
and made right on the premises. They have
a glass window where you can see how the
process works for yourself. Treat yourself!

What’s on the Menu

OPENING HOURS         CONTACT

Open Daily:           SEND EMAIL
12:00pm - 12:00am
                   Find Out More


   NY FOR YOU

Culture Vultures

Museums, walking tours and street art are
just some of the attractions open to visiting
New York culture vultures. With modern art,
United States history, ancient sculptures,
European antiquities or other cultural
subjects, see the attractions in this section
that make NYC one of the world’s finest
cities for culture.

MUSEUMS  WALKING  STREET ART
          TOURS


   CULTURE VULTURES

Museums

Travel back in time in the city that never sleeps. New
York is home to some of the world’s best museums
and travellers come from alll over the world to walk
their hallowed halls. From natural history to art,
music and fashion the Big Apple is big on museums.

    Natural History
    Whitney -American Art
    Metropolitan -Art
    Morgan Library
    Armstrong House
    Museum of NYC


MUSEUMS

AMERICAN MUSEUM OF
NATURAL HISTORY

Central Park West at 79th Street, NY 10024-5192

Located at Central Park West and 79th
Street in New York City, the New York
American Museum of Natural History
comprises 27 interconnected buildings that
store one of the largest history collections
in the world. Permanent and travelling
exhibits include astronomy, space, oceans,
animals and much more. You can learn
about anatomy, metamorphosis and ecology
at the museum’s popular annual butterfly
exhibit. Movie buffs will enjoy the ‘Night
at the Museum’ tour, which will take you
past familiar exhibits and scenes from the
comedy. The New York American Museum
of Natural History can be accessed by
subway, bus or car.

Book Tickets Now

  OPENING HOURS                  CONTACT

Open daily : 10 am - 5:45 pm  Tel : 212-769-5100

Except on Thanksgiving and    Find Out More
Christmas

                              Transport


MUSEUMS

                     TRANSPORT

AMSEubRwaIyC: AN MUSEUM OF
      Take the B (weekdays only) or C to 81st Street.

NATURAL HISTORYTwo blocks west of the Museum, the 1 train

CentsrtaolpPs aatrkBrWoaedswtaayta7n9dthWSesttre7e9tth, NStYre1et0. 0F2or4a-5192

      full size subway map, follow this link to go to the
      Metropolitan Transit Authority Web site.

LocacPotLenEsdAtrSuacEttiNoCnOeoTnnEt:trhFaeol rMPtahanerhdkauttrWaantieoBnsritodfgatehnetdhe7B9th
StreseutbiwnayNlienewwYillonrokt oCpeitryat,etohnethNeeUwppeYroWrkest
AmeSnroiidtcebaednuarfiMfnegcutteshdeedwuuemreinkgoenvfdisNsit.oaWrthueoeruakrdlsa,Hybiusset trtohviercyeBwtriallin
comwpilrlissteopsru2n7niningtweercekonnignhetscotnetdhebUupilpdeirnWgesstthat
storeSidoenaet 1o0f:4t5hpem.largest history collections
in the world. Permanent and travelling
exhibits include astronomy, space, oceans,
animals and much mColores.eYou can learn
about anatomy, metamorphosis and ecology
at the museum’s popular annual butterfly
exhibit. Movie buffs will enjoy the ‘Night
at the Museum’ tour, which will take you
past familiar exhibits and scenes from the
comedy. The New York American Museum
of Natural History can be accessed by
subway, bus or car.

Book Tickets Now

  OPENING HOURS                    CONTACT

Open daily : 10 am - 5:45 pm  Tel : 212-769-5100

Except on Thanksgiving and     Find Out More
Christmas

                              Transport


MUSEUMS

WHITNEY MUSEUM OF
AMERICAN ART

99 Gansevoort Street, New York, NY 10014

The New York Whitney Museum of
American Art opened in 1932. Recognising
some of the problems American artists
faced exhibiting and selling their work, the
sculptor and founder, Gertrude Vanderbilt
Whitney, set up the museum to showcase
exclusively American art. There are more
than 21,000 pieces in the museum’s
collection. Contemporary art, performance
art, music and film all feature among the
variety of exhibitions at the museum.
The Biennial is the museum’s signature
exhibition, is continuous and surveys
recent developments in American art. The
museum’s outdoor walkways, rooftop cafe
and observation decks provide you with a
great vantage point to admire the views of
the city.

Book Tickets Now

  OPENING HOURS                       CONTACT

Opening Times :                  Tel : 212 570-3600
Mon: 10.30 am – 6.00 pm
Tues: Closed                     TICKETS
Wed: 10.30 am–6.00 pm
Thur–Sat: 10.30am–10.00pm        Adult     $22.00
Sun: 10.30 am–6.00 pm            Senior    $18.00
                                 Student   $18.00
      TRANSPORT                  Under 18  $ 0.00

Subway:                          Find Out More
The closest lines are the A, C,
E, and L at 14th Street


    MUSEUMS

METROPOLITAN MUSEUM
OF ART

The Metropolitan Museum of Art, known
locally as The Met, houses one of the
world’s largest art collections. Exhibits
include antique silver and jade collections,
photography, sculpture, Chinese tapestries
and American quilts as well as art from
Egypt, medieval Europe, Africa and ancient
Greece. The museum offers tours for adults,
kids, teens and students. The New York
Metropolitan Museum of Art is an extensive
building, so plan for several days to explore
it all. Take a guided tour or use a mobile
device for self-guided touring apps. The Met
is open every day, so just relax and enjoy
the exhibits.

                 Book Tickets Now

                                      Find Out More


MUSEUMS

                                                    Blogger Recommended

THE MORGAN LIBRARY
AND MUSEUM

225 Madison Avenue at 36th Street,
New York, New York 10016

The Morgan Library and Museum could be
considered integral to not only preserving
New York’s history, but also ensuring its
future. Located in midtown Manhattan,
this museum is home to one of the world’s
greatest collections of artistic, literary and
musical works, ranging from ancient times
to the present day. Both permanent and
rotating exhibits are on display, and Mr.
Morgan’s gorgeous collection is a must-see
for both tourists and locals alike.

Book Tickets Now

  OPENING HOURS                      CONTACT

Opening Times :                   Tel : 212 685-0008
Tue - Thur 10.30 am - 5.00 pm
Fri. 10.30 am - 9.00 pm           Find Out More
(Free admission Fridays 7.00
pm - 9.00 pm)
Sat. 10.00 am - 6.00 pm
Sun. 11.00 am - 6.00 pm

      TRANSPORT

Subway:
Take the line 6 to 33rd Street,
or 4, 5, 6 or 7 to Grand Central

Bus:
Take the BxM10 to Madison
Avenue / E 37 Street


MUSEUMS

                                                    Blogger Recommended

THE LOUIS ARMSTRONG
HOUSE MUSEUM

34-56 107th Street
Corona, New York 11368

Jazz fans, perk those ears up! Located in
Corona, Queens, you can visit the actual
house where the legendary jazz musician
Louis Armstrong and his wife Lucille lived
for most of their adult life. Kept exactly as
it was when he was alive, this truly is a
tribute house that honours his life, legacy
and, of course, his great music, and you’ll
hear plenty of his fine tunes during the visit.
Visiting the museum also gives you the
opportunity to explore the vast borough of
Queens. Guided tours are offered every
hour, on the hour.

Book Tickets Now

  OPENING HOURS                     CONTACT

Opening Times :                  Tel : 718-478-8274
Tue-Fri: 10.00am - 5.00pm
Sat & Sun: 12.00pm - 5.00pm      Find Out More

     TRANSPORT

Subway:
Take the 7 to 111th Street with
Roosevelt Avenue

Bus:
Take the Q23 to 104th Street
with 37th Avenue


MUSEUMS

                                                    Blogger Recommended

MUSEUM OF THE CITY
OF NEW YORK

1220 Fifth Avenue (at 103rd Street)
New York, 10029

The large, elegant, colonial revival mansion
that houses the Museum of the City of
New York looks like a private home from
the Gilded Age and represents the ultimate
essence of New York style — classical on
the outside, but modern and ready on the
inside — for a diverse series of exhibits.
This is a museum whose holdings are
fluid, where new exhibitions about NYC
continuously enter and exit, appropriately
mirroring the important city outside while
honouring the diversity of New York, the
city’s continuous transformation and fast-
paced mode of living.

Book Tickets Now

  OPENING HOURS                    CONTACT

Opening Times :                 Tel : 212-534-1672
Mon-Sun 10.00 am - 6.00 pm

     TRANSPORT                  Find Out More

Subway:
Take the 4 or 6 to Lexington
Avenue with E 110 Street

Bus:
Take the M1, M2, M3 or M4 to
E 104th Street with 5th Avenue


   CULTURE VULTURES

Walking Tours

Venture beyond gallery and museum walls on a
journey of discovery with a New York walking tour.
Explore the city’s cultural heritage up-close and
take in the extensive history, iconic locations and
inspiring architecture on PhotoTrek, Revolutionary
Era or Greenwich Village Food and the other
walking tours in this section.

    Greenwich Village
    NYC Photo Trek
    Patriot Revo-ERA
    Brooklyn Bridge
    Staten Island
    Ahoy New York
    Accomplice: The Show
    Soundwalk


WALKING TOURS

GREENWICH VILLAGE
FOOD AND WALKING TOUR

Meet Near 6th Ave. and Bleecker St.
(Exact location given when tickets are purchased)

Experience the bohemian atmosphere,
history and artistic roots of this famous
neighbourhood amidst a backdrop of
winding streets and 19th century homes.
In addition to New York street art,
knowledgeable guides provide insight into
the Village’s food scene. The leisurely-
paced tour includes several stops to relax
and enjoy a snack in a well-known eatery.
Visit a diverse mix of shops, boutiques and
restaurants as well as notable buildings and
street scenes. The New York Greenwich
Village Food and Walking Tour is a
wonderful way for you to immerse yourself in
the flavours, atmosphere and culture of New
York’s charming neighbourhoods.

Book Tickets Now

  OPENING HOURS                 CONTACT

Open all week :             Tel : (917) 408-9539
Between 11.00am and 1.30pm      SEND EMAIL

     TRANSPORT                   TICKETS

Subway:                          From : $49.00
Meet Near 6th Ave. and
Bleecker St.                 Find Out More
(Exact location given when
tickets are purchased)


WALKING TOURS

NEW YORK CITY PHOTO
TREK WALKING TOUR

Times Square or Your Hotel Concierge Desk, NY
(Exact location given when tickets are purchased)

On this New York Phototrek walking tour,
you can explore some of the city’s most
popular sites such as Times Square, Central
Park and the Brooklyn Bridge. You’ll be
accompanied by a knowledgeable guide
who can provide insights into the city’s
fascinating history as well as the best
places to shop and dine during your stay.
Additionally, an experienced photographer
can create lifelong mementos of you and
your party using some of New York’s most
iconic backdrops. If you’re interested in
historic sites and architectural marvels
consider a tour of midtown Manhattan too,
which includes a stop at the Grand Central
Terminal.

Book Tickets Now

  OPENING HOURS                    CONTACT

Mon - Sun : TIMES VARY          Tel : 917-734-7602
Typical tour times include :
8.00am - 9.30am, 10.00am,       Find Out More
12.30pm & 1.45pm.

     TRANSPORT

Subway:
Take the 1, 2, 3 or S train to
Times Square 42nd Street

Bus:
Take the M104 to Times
Square 47th Street with 7th
Avenue


WALKING TOURS

PATRIOT TOURS
REVOLUTIONARY ERA
WALKING TOUR

Downtown - Near City Hall and the Brooklyn Bridge
(Exact location given when tickets are purchased)

Walk in the footsteps of legendary figures
like George Washington, Alexander Hamilton
and Nathan Hale to see historic locations
that you might miss on a tour bus. On the
New York Patriot Tours Revolutionary Era
Walking Tour you’ll discover the colonial
history of the Big Apple and hear tales of the
political intrigue that occurred as patriots and
loyalists determined the future of 1770s New
York. Learn about New Amsterdam’s Dutch
legacy and visit landmarks like Federal Hall,
St. Paul’s Chapel and Trinity Church while
uncovering subtle hints and viewing vestiges
of the city’s storied past hiding in plain sight.

Book Tickets Now

  OPENING HOURS                 CONTACT

Opening Times :             Tel : (917)716-4908
Mon, Wed & Friday: 10.00am
Tue & Thursday: 12.00pm        SEND EMAIL
Saturday: 11.00am
                                TICKETS

                                 From : $26.00

                            Find Out More


WALKING TOURS

WALK THE BROOKLYN
BRIDGE

Brooklyn and the Bronx contain their own
roster of exciting attractions. Brooklyn lends
its name to the famous bridge that spans
the East River. Visitors can enjoy scenic
views of the Manhattan skyline and the
Statue of Liberty in the distance as they
walk the Brooklyn Bridge in New York.
It’s recommended to start the crossing
from a small park near the city’s Municipal
Building. The midway point is an ideal venue
for taking pictures, or watching boats and
helicopters. When exiting the historic bridge,
look out for the sign indicating DUMBO,
or Down Under the Manhattan Bridge
Overpass.

Brooklyn Bridge Blog

       LOCATION                          WHEN

Pedestrian/ bicycle access     Best at nighttime for full
from either Tillary/Adams      views of the NY skyline lights
Streets or a staircase on
Prospect Street                     Find Out More

Manhattan:
pedestrian walkway accessible
end of Centre Street, or
through the unpaid south
staircase of Brooklyn Bridge


WALKING TOURS

STATEN ISLAND
BOARDWALK

Fort Wadsworth, Staten Island, NY to Miller Field,
Staten Island, NY

The New York Staten Island Boardwalk, or
South Beach-Franklin Delano Roosevelt
Boardwalk, is a stand-out attraction on
Staten Island. This boardwalk was built
in 1935 and stretches between Fort
Wadsworth and Miller Field, which is a
military installation on the National Register
of Historic Places. Stroll along the boardwalk
for views of the sandy shoreline, the blue
waters of the Atlantic, sports facilities and
long piers –ideal for fishermen. Stop to
admire the Fountain of the Dolphins, an
incredible boardwalk feature with six bronze
figures and evening illuminations.

Location

         LENGTH                          WHEN

2.5 - 4.5 miles depending on  Open all year round but best
where you start               walked in good weather
                              months

                              Find Out More


WALKING TOURS

                                                    Blogger Recommended

AHOY NEW YORK TOURS
AND TASTING

Fort Wadsworth, Staten Island, NY to Miller Field,
Staten Island, NY

Take a tour with Ahoy New York Tours &
Tasting and you can really enjoy a slice of
diversity in the Big Apple. The Chinatown
and Little Italy Tour is a tasty way to explore
two unique ethnic NYC neighbourhoods,
including meal-like portions, visits to
historical sites, hidden gems and staple
businesses…some of these are over 100
years old! There are plenty of tastings which
will keep you full over the three hour tour…
equalling the amount you would eat for a
regular lunch!

Book Tickets Now

  OPENING HOURS                        CONTACT

Open all week :                     Tel : 646-681-3994
Tours start at 10.30 am
                                    Find Out More
(with prompt check-in at 10.15 am)

      TRANSPORT

Subway:
Take the 4 or 6 to Lafayette
Street with Canal Street, or the
B or D line to Chrystie Street
with Grand Street

Bus:
Take the M103 to Bowery
Street with Grand Street


WALKING TOURS

                                                    Blogger Recommended

ACCOMPLICE: THE SHOW

Downtown, NYC. Exact location is given upon ticket
confirmation

Possibly the most entertaining walking
tour you’ll ever take in New York by far,
‘Accomplice The Show’ is adventure
theatre…taking you outside of the theatre
and putting you in the real world, i.e. the
streets, bars and cafes of New York City.
Prepare for a scavenger hunt of whodunnit
proportions as you circulate through
the city’s neighbourhoods in search of
characters, real NY types, who will lead (or
mislead) you in the completion of a task. It’s
a 3-D game of reality ‘Clue’ played out on
New York’s not-so-mean streets.

Book Tickets Now

  OPENING HOURS                    CONTACT

Friday, Saturday & Sunday :     Tel : 347-559-6223
Tours run every half hour from
12.30 pm to 4.30 pm             Find Out More

      TRANSPORT

Subway:
Take the 4 or 6 to Bleecker
Street with Lafayette Street

Bus:
Take the X7, X9 or X10B to W
Houston Street with Broadway


WALKING TOURS

                             Blogger Recommended

SOUNDWALK

Various locations

Soundwalk Audio Guides let you guide
yourself round New York City. The best thing
about Soundwalk audio guides is that you
can download them onto your iPod and stroll
at your own pace on your own schedule…
all the while taking in the sights, sounds, and
local culture of various NYC neighborhoods.
Each guide has an engaging narrator, a
native of that part of NYC, who leads you
through the streets of their neighborhood,
visiting cafes, stores, parks, religious
institutions, lofts, bakeries, and even
apartments. While walking, they give you a
bit of history on the hood, and explain to you
in vivid detail what makes it tick.

Download an Audio Guide

  OPENING HOURS                    AUDIO

Self-Guided tour:            $1 - Per Download
You chose your own time and
day                          Find Out More


   CULTURE VULTURES

Street Art

New York City street art transforms the landscape
into an exhilarating al fresco gallery. These creative
works use a variety of artistic media, ranging
from spray paint to stencils and sculptures. In this
section you’ll learn where to find the best and most
engaging art on the sidewalks of New York City.

    9/11 Memorial
    Street Art Walk
    Please Touch the Art
    Panorama


   STREET ART

STATEN ISLAND
SEPTEMBER 11 MEMORIAL

The larger and busier memorials of
the events of September 11 are found
in Manhattan, but Staten Island’s own
response to this tragic event is equally
poignant. Located on the North Shore
Waterfront Esplanade, the New York Staten
Island September 11 Memorial is a pair
of contemporary wings facing upward,
as if ready to take flight. Designed by the
architect Masayuki Sono, the memorial’s
interior walls are lined with plaques
honouring the lives of those lost in the
tragedy.

                 Book Tickets Now

                                      Find Out More


STREET ART

                                                    Blogger Recommended

STREET ART WALK

Location is given after booking.

The beautiful thing about street art in NYC
is that it’s constantly evolving and changing.
What may appear today can easily be
gone by tomorrow, so it’s all about taking
advantage of the moment with frequent
neighborhood strolls to catch the latest
murals and installations. There are no
better people to show you the latest and
greatest than the tour guides of Street Art
Walk, who will guide you through Bushwick
and Williamsburg, Brooklyn neighborhoods
famous for their wall murals and graffiti.

Book a Tour

OPENING HOURS             TICKETS

 Saturday & Sunday :      Single - $25
 11:30am and 2:30pm
                      Find Out More


   STREET ART

                                                    Blogger Recommended

PLEASE TOUCH THE ART
BY JEPPE HEIN

Pier 1 at Brooklyn Bridge Park

Jeppe Hein’s three-piece installation in
Brooklyn Bridge Park is a unique experience.
Walk through the “walls of water” Appearing
Rooms, a series of choreographed jet
sprays before entering the Mirror Labyrinth,
a stainless steel display that echoes the
Manhattan skyline across the river. Finally
make your way through a series of sixteen
Social Benches that encourage interaction
with fellow New Yorkers. All this fabulous
public art is in an ideal spot totake in the
atmospheric Manhattan skyline, directly over
the East River.

       Download Scavenge Hunt Guide

                                      Find Out More


STREET ART

                          Blogger Recommended

PANORAMA

The High Line

Panorama is currently showing at the
High Line park, a public installation which
brings together sculptural works from 11
international artists. Pieces on show explore
the theme of “seeing and understanding
the spectacle of nature.” Highlights include
Damien Ortega’s Physical Graffiti series;
Ryan Gander’s marble portrait of his wife
spitting water, which doubles as a drinking
fountain; and Olafur Eliasson’s Lego
cityscape. This fun piece is made from
two tons of white LEGO, which you and
everyone else are encouraged to rebuild
again and again, just like the real New York.
Interactive street art, indeed.

Panorama Blog

  *These pieces will be   Find Out More
live through March 2016.


   NY FOR YOU

Fashionistas

Fashion lovers planning a trip to this city will
want to know where to find the best looks
and imitate the New York fashionistas, or
simply pick up some cool items. Here we
cover some of the many different shopping
options, such as the Brooklyn Flea Market
and Fifth Avenue.

SHOPPING  THINGS
          TO DO


    FASHIONISTAS

Shopping

New York presents a mighty variety of shopping
options. Choosing select destinations helps you
get more out of your New York City shopping
adventure. Whether you’re looking for upscale
denim, classic brands or avant-garde fashion, some
of the best choices include Brooklyn Industries, the
International Playground and 3 X 1.

    Brooklyn Industries
    International Playground
    3x1
    Upper West Flea Market
    MoMA Design Store
    L-Train Vintage


SHOPPING

BROOKLYN INDUSTRIES

290 Lafayette St, New York,
NY 10012, USA

Brooklyn Industries is a terrific place to
shop. The company was founded in the mid-
1990s by two artists who wanted to be able
to live, work and create with freedom. They
started their company by making bags out
of recycled material from billboards. Today,
the retail locations are dotted throughout
Brooklyn, Manhattan and Chelsea. The
stores offer cutting-edge designs, many
using superb, high-level art and recycled
materials, and fashions are available for both
men and women. A variety of bags, jewellery
and other accessories is also offered. The
company is very environmentally conscious
and powers its stores using wind energy.

Brooklyn Industries Blog

   OPENING HOURS                          CONTACT

Open all week :                      Tel : +1 212 219 0862
Sun - Thur: 11.00 am - 8.00 pm
Fri - Sat: 11.00 am - 9.00 pm          Find Out More

       TRANSPORT

Subway:
B, D, F, V to Broadway-Lafayette St


SHOPPING

INTERNATIONAL
PLAYGROUND

463 Broome St.Between Mercer & Greene
New York, NY 10013

In Soho, fashion lovers can find International
Playground amid the sea of flagship stores
located there. This boutique focuses on
niche fashions and European designs that
have a dedicated following. Displayed on
top of pristine white marble, you’ll see such
brands as Heaven, a natural skincare line
believed to be Kate Middleton’s favourite.
You’ll also come across H. Fredriksson’s silk-
printed dresses and chest plates as well as
cage pieces by Chromat, which A-listers like
Madonna and Beyoncé have famously worn
during their musical performances. There
are so many one-of-a-kind design options
that a trip to International Playground could
take hours.

Playground Blog

  OPENING HOURS                  CONTACT

Open all week :              Tel : (212) 228 2700
Mon - Sat: 11.00am - 7.00pm
Sunday: 12.00pm - 7.00pm      Find Out More

     TRANSPORT

Subway:
4 and 6 to Spring St


SHOPPING

3x1

15 Mercer St New York,
NY 10013, USA

Heading to New York 3 X 1, located in the
heart of Soho at 15 Mercer is a true fashion
and shopping experience. The store features
a glass-enclosed factory that custom-makes
jeans for both women and men. You can
watch the action as the jeans are created
before your eyes. The store uses the best
in top-quality and rare denims and sells
bespoke jeans for people who want a little
extra pizazz. The company has the most
extensive collection of selvedge denim
worldwide. Shop in New York City and bring
home fashion straight from the Big Apple’s
most creative minds.

          3x1 Blog

  OPENING HOURS                 CONTACT

Open all week :              Tel : 212-391-6969
Mon - Sat: 11.00am - 7.00pm
Sunday: 12.00pm - 6.00pm     Find Out More

     TRANSPORT

Subway:
N/Q/R, J, 6 to Canal St


SHOPPING

                                                    Blogger Recommended

UPPER WEST SIDE
FLEA MARKET

Address: 100 West 77th Street, New York, NY

Every Sunday from 10:00am to 5:30pm
local food, vintage and antique vendors
set up their tables at PS452 on 77th and
Columbus in the Upper West Side. It’s a
unique opportunity to wander the halls of a
New York City public school and get your
shopping fix at the same time. Money raised
from the flea market is used by local parents
to provide enrichment opportunities for
neighbourhood schools.

          Location

 OPENING HOURS            Find Out More

Sunday: 10.00am - 5.30pm


SHOPPING

                                                    Blogger Recommended

MOMA DESIGN STORE

81 Spring Street, New York, NY

The MoMa Design Store, an extension
of the New York Museum of Modern
Art, challenges you to “Live artfully!” by
incorporating good design into all aspects
of your space. In addition to the prints and
books you’d expect from a museum store,
they offer a carefully curated selection of
contemporary, functional clothes and objects
for your everyday life. This is a great place to
buy a souvenir on your trip.

          What’s On?

 OPENING HOURS            Find Out More

Sunday: 11.00am - 7.00pm


SHOPPING

                                                    Blogger Recommended

L-TRAIN VINTAGE

1377 Dekalb Ave, Brooklyn, NY

L-Train Vintage—named for the Brooklyn to
Manhattan subway line—started out as a
humble vintage shop in Williamsburg and
has since taken root as the best chain of
affordable vintage stores in New York. They
promise to keep you not just ‘on trend’, but
beyond the trend. They currently have six
locations throughout Brooklyn and Lower
Manhattan.

          Find a shop

   OPENING HOURS              Find Out More

Open Daily: 12.00pm - 8.00pm


    FASHIONISTAS

Things to See / Do

New York provides plenty of things to see and do
for fashionistas. Trends that transform the fashion
landscape are born here and famous fashion
designers call the city home. Fashion lovers flock
to New York for the live venues, entertainment
and, of course, Fashion Week and the shops and
boutiques.

    Brooklyn Flea Market
    Century 21
    Project Runway
    The Museum at FIT
    Fashion Icons
    Martinis & Manicures


THINGS TO SEE/DO

BROOKLYN FLEA
MARKET

1) 176 Lafayette Ave (Fort Greene) Brooklyn, NY
2) 50 Kent Ave (Williamsburg) Brooklyn, NY

The New York Brooklyn Flea Market,
sometimes referred to as the ‘Brooklyn Flea’,
operates in two locations each weekend and
has hundreds of vendors on site from the
area and beyond. This outdoor flea market
was founded in April 2008 and has grown
into one of New York City’s top attractions. It
features furniture, jewellery, vintage clothing,
antiques and collectibles and arts and crafts.
From April to November, the flea market
opens on Saturday in Fort Greene and
Sunday in Williamsburg. You’re sure to leave
the market with some unique apparel for
creating a new outfit or starting a trend!

Flea Vendors

  OPENING HOURS                       CONTACT

Fort Greene :                        SEND EMAIL
Saturday 10.00 am to 5.00 pm
                                   Find Out More
Williamsburg :
Sunday 10.00 am to 5.00 pm

      TRANSPORT

Subway:
L to Bedford Ave (Fort Greene)
C to Lafayette Ave (Williamsburg)


THINGS TO SEE/DO

CENTURY 21

22 Cortlandt St btwn
Church St & Broadway

Fashionistas come to Century 21 for
designer apparel up to 65 per cent off
retail. Versace, Rachel Zoe and Transit are
just some of the big names on offer at this
premium yet affordably priced department
store. Head to downtown New York or visit
the Brooklyn location for deals on everything
from dresses to heels. Century 21 also
has deals on men’s and children’s clothing,
and on beauty products, home decor and
gadgets. Whether it’s a Gucci handbag or
Ivanka Trump boots, you won’t be able to
resist the large inventory and deals in the
New York Century 21 stores.

Vist Store

  OPENING HOURS                      CONTACT

Mon-Wed: 7:45am-9pm               Tel: 877-350-2121
(9:30pm on Wed)
Thu & Fri: 7.45am - 9.30pm        Find Out More
Sat: 10.00am - 9.00pm
Sun: 11.00am - 8.00pm

     TRANSPORT

Subway:
A/C, J/Z, 2/3, 4/5 to Fulton St,
N/R to Cortlandt St


THINGS TO SEE/DO

THE PROJECT RUNWAY
EXPERIENCE

21 W 39th Street
New York, NY 10018

The New York Project Runway Experience
is a fun experience for fashionistas of all
ages who are visiting the city. You’ll get to
go shopping for fabrics at Mood Designer
fabrics, which is where the designers shop
on the show Project Runway (in the show,
hopeful fashion designers compete for an
investment to start their business). Then
you return back to a Manhattan studio to
design, sew and decorate your own project.
It’s like being a real fashion designer: you’ll
experience the NYC Garment District and
make your own clothes. Why not give it a try
and see what you come up with?

Book a class

     TRANSPORT                     CONTACT

Subway:                         Tel: 646-329-6663
N, Q, R and 7 place you just a
couple of blocks away at the    Find Out More
Times Square 42nd station, as
will the B,D,F and M lines to
Bryant Park.

Bus:
The BM1, BM2, BM3, BM4
and BM5 bus lines will take
you within 5 minutes’ walking
distance of the attraction.


THINGS TO SEE/DO

                                                    Blogger Recommended

THE MUSEUM AT FIT

Seventh Avenue at 27 Street New York, NY

Describing itself as ‘the most fashionable
museum in New York City,’ the Museum
at FIT (Fashion Institute of Technology)
is often one of the most overlooked. The
museum houses a collection of 50,000
fashion artifacts spanning from the 18th
century to the present, but what they really
do best are their special exhibits. Entrance
to the museum is free, as are many of their
events and cultural programs. You won’t
need to reserve advance tickets to see the
exhibits, but if you plan to attend any of the
film screenings or lecture series, be sure to
book your tickets online and well ahead of
time. Space is limited and the more popular

What’s on

  OPENING HOURS                      CONTACT

Tue - Fri: 12.00pm - 8.00pm       Tel: 212 217.4558
Saturday: 10.00am - 5.00pm
                                  Find Out More
*Closed Sun, Monday and
legal holidays

     TRANSPORT

Subway:
Take the 1 or 2 to W 23rd Street
with 7th Avenue

Bus:
Take the M5 or the M7 to W 27th
Street with 6th Avenue


THINGS TO SEE/DO

                                                    Blogger Recommended

FASHION ICONS WITH
FERN MALLIS

1395 Lexington Ave, New York, NY

“Fashion Icons” is an ongoing series hosted
by Fern Mallis at the 92nd Street Y in the
Upper East Side of Manhattan. Once a
month, Fern Mallis—an icon in her own right
who is credited with being the founder of
Fashion Week in New York City—sits down
with a fashion industry leader for a one-on-
one conversation. Past guests have included
Diane von Furstenberg, Marc Jacobs and
Oscar de la Renta. If you are lucky enough
to be in town for one of her show dates, it’s
a really unique opportunity to gain intimate
access to these otherwise inaccessible
fashion powerhouses.

Book Tickets Now

OPENING HOURS         Find Out More

  Monday - Friday:
  6:00am – 11:00pm

  Saturday - Sunday:
  3:00am – 11:00pm


THINGS TO SEE/DO

                                                    Blogger Recommended

MARTINIS & MANICURES

231 E 14th St, New York, NY

Beauty Bar is a retro-salon turned saloon
in the East Village where $10 will buy you
both a manicure and a martini. This eclectic
beauty saloon has a real kitsch vibe and
still makes use of sixties chrome-domed
hair dryers under which blue-haired ladies
were groomed and gossiped for decades.
Obviously you have to be over 21 for this
martinis & manicures night - I gather it is
a popular night for bachelorette and girly
birthday parties! Go on a Wednesday or
Sunday night and you’ll also get a free
comedy show.

Beauty Bar Blog

OPENING HOURS            CONTACT

 Monday - Friday:    Tel: (917) 660-2292
 6:00am – 11:00pm
                     Find Out More
 Saturday - Sunday:
 3:00am – 11:00pm


   NY FOR YOU

Sound Hounds

The numerous music venues will delight
New York sound hounds who have come
to the city to experience musical magic.
In New York City you can see tomorrow’s
stars as they make their way to the top and
capture the sounds of today’s artists as they
continue to thrill audiences.

TOP MUSIC  THINGS
  VENUES   TO DO


    SOUND HOUNDS

Top Music Venues

Several places stand out as New York’s top music
venue choices. The Bowery Ballroom offers live
music every night, and the Radio City Music Hall
has hosted famous performances for many years.
You can also check out the Village Vanguard
for some sophisticated jazz. Here are a few
suggestions.

    The Bowery Ballroom
    Radio City Music Hall
    Village Vanguard
    Dizzy’s Jazz Club
    Brooklyn Bowl
    Prospect Park


MUSIC VENUES

THE BOWERY BALLROOM

6 Delancey Street (between Bowery & Chrystie St.)
New York, NY 10002

Visit the New York Bowery Ballroom and
you’ll find yourself in a certifiably hip, three-
level, ballroom-style music venue. This is
a terrific venue for people who love indie
rock. The venue features newcomers along
with well-known artists. Bars are located on
every level, so you can enjoy the cocktail of
your choice while you take in the music. All
areas in the mid-sized venue offer excellent
acoustics and great line-of-sight to watch the
entertainers while they give the performance
everything they’ve got on stage. The
atmosphere is trendy and intimate, making
this definitely the place to be for music
lovers.

Book Tickets Now

 OPENING HOURS                         CONTACT

Mon-Sat: 8:00pm - 2:00am          Tel: +1 212-260-4700
Sunday: 7:00pm - 2:00am
                                   Find Out More
    TRANSPORT

Subway:
B, D at Grand St.; F; J, M, Z at
Essex St.-Delancey St.


MUSIC VENUES

RADIO CITY MUSIC HALL

Rockefeller Center 260 6th Avenue
(Avenue of the Americas)
(Between W. 50th St. and W. 51st St.)
New York, NY 10020

The legendary New York Radio City
Music Hall is the go-place for a distinctive
musical experience. It’s famous for its
Christmas Spectacular and performances
by the Rockettes. This venue seats more
than 6,500 people in an opulent Art Deco
theatre dating from the 1930s. Many
famous musicians have got their big break
here. If you want to visit, you may need to
purchase tickets well in advance. There are
refreshments located throughout the theatre,
so people can enjoy drinks and food while
they relax and enjoy the performance. The
live shows for America’s Got Talent are now
performed at this venue.

Book Tickets Now

  OPENING HOURS                   CONTACT

Box Office hours:             Tel: +1 212-465-6741
Mon - Sat: 10:00am - 6:00
Sunday - CLOSED                Find Out More

Venue hours vary.

     TRANSPORT

Subway:
Take the B, D or F trains to
Rockefeller Center/50th St.


MUSIC VENUES

VILLAGE VANGUARD

Village Vanguard 178 7th Avenue South
New York, NY 10014

No venue quite speaks jazz quite like the
New York Village Vanguard, a musical
venue tucked away at 7th Avenue and 11th
Street. The Village Vanguard has featured
cutting-edge jazz for more than 80 years,
and the walls are filled with photographs of
the many famous jazz musicians who have
performed there. Jazz greats such as Eartha
Kitt, Miles Davis, John Coltrane and Dinah
Washington have all entertained audiences
at this inspiring venue which boasts
impeccable acoustics. Guests can sip from
a broad selection of classic cocktails while
they indulge in the soothing jazz sounds and
enjoy this marvellous music venue.

Book Tickets Now

  OPENING HOURS                         CONTACT

Mon - Sun:                         Tel: 1 (212) 255-4037
7:30pm – 12:00am                        SEND EMAIL

     TRANSPORT                      Find Out More

Subway:
1, 2 or 3 at 14th Street stop.

B, D, F, M, A, C or E at West 4th
Street stop.


MUSIC VENUES

                                                    Blogger Recommended

DIZZY’S JAZZ CLUB

Shops in Columbus Circle
10 Columbus Circle, NY 10019, United States

Located high above the chaotic traffic of
Columbus Circus, Dizzy’s Jazz Club is an
iconic jazz club that blends world-class
talent with one of the best views in the city.
The venue is absolutely incredible, with
the artists as silhouettes overlooking the
expanse of Central Park. You can sip a
classic cocktail and eat Southern-inspired
cuisine while listening to toe-tapping
melodies — and then pop down to French
and Italian bistro Landmarc for a nightcap.

Book a table

  OPENING HOURS                        CONTACT

Mon-Sun: 5.00pm - 11.45pm         Tel: +1 212-258-9595

     TRANSPORT                     Find Out More

Subway:
Take the 1 or 2 line to Broadway
with W 66th Street

Bus:
Take the M5, M7, M10, M20 or
M104 to Broadway between W
60th and W 61st Street


MUSIC VENUES

                                                    Blogger Recommended

BROOKLYN BOWL

61 Wythe Ave, Brooklyn, NY 11249, United States

Don’t be fooled: Brooklyn Bowl is actually a
working bowling alley. But more than strikes
and pins, Brooklyn Bowl is known as one of
the most cutting-edge music venues in New
York City. Featuring excellent food, a full
bar and a stage that overlooks the bowling
alley, Brooklyn Bowl features up-and-coming
artists in rap and rock as well as ongoing
events like its popular Bluegrass Brunch.
Stop by neighbouring Brooklyn Brewery for
a local brew or head up to the rooftop at
Wythe Hotel across the street for a cocktail
before the show. Check their website for
upcoming shows.

Book Tickets Now

  OPENING HOURS                       CONTACT

Mon-Fri: 6.00pm - Close            Tel: 718-963-3369
Sat-Sun: 11.00am - Close
(times may vary spring and         Find Out More
summer)

     TRANSPORT

Subway:
Nearest subway service is the
G line to Manhattan Avenue
between Norman Avenue and
Nassau Avenue

Bus:
Take the B32 to N 9th Street with
Wythe Avenue


MUSIC VENUES

                                                    Blogger Recommended

PROSPECT PARK
BANDSHELL

62 West Dr, Brooklyn, NY 11215

Once Memorial Day rolls around, Brooklyn
residents know to check the line-up for the
Celebrate Brooklyn: located in the heart of
Prospect Park, the outdoor concert series
is a summer highlight. Although bigger
acts tend to be ticketed, there are plenty of
free acts that just require showing up early
to stake out a spot. You can pack food to
picnic on, and alcoholic and non-alcoholic
drinks are sold at bars scattered around
the venue. Bring a blanket or chairs, and
plenty of friends for one of the best outdoor
parties that happens almost every summer
weekend.

What’s On?

  OPENING HOURS                      CONTACT

Mon-Sun 5.00 am - 1.00 am           SEND EMAIL

     TRANSPORT                    Find Out More

Subway:
Take the F or G line to 15th
Street with Prospect Park West

Bus:
Take the B61 to Bartel Pritchard
Square with Prospect Park
Southwest


    SOUND HOUNDS

Things to See / Do

When people plan to visit New York City, they may
be overwhelmed by the plethora of things to see and
do (New York likes to spoil people that way!). Among
the top choices are a visit to Strawberry Fields, to
Greenwich Village and taking a Birthplace of Hip
Hop tour.

    Strawberry Fields
    Greenwich Village
    Birthplace of Hip Hop
    Yoga Class at Y7
    Union Square Subway
    Dine at Café Moto


THINGS TO SEE/DO

VISIT STRAWBERRY FIELDS

West Park Drive and West 72nd Street, Central
Park, New York City, NY 10021

Located in the middle of Central Park, New
York, Strawberry Fields is a living memorial
to Beatles great John Lennon. It features a
black and white mosaic that was presented
as a gift by the city of Naples. Although the
memorial derives its name from the song
‘Strawberry Fields Forever’, the Greco-
Roman mosaic features the lyrics to the
song ‘Imagine’. This is a dedicated quiet
zone in the park. In the summer, the area
is surrounded by colourful flowers. Along a
path is a plaque that lists 121 countries that
have endorsed the memorial as a Garden of
Peace.

Location

  OPENING HOURS                          CONTACT

Central Park is open from           Tel: +1 212-310-6600
6am to 1am daily.
                                     Find Out More
     TRANSPORT

Subway:
B or C at 72nd Street, or the 1, 2
or 3 trains at 72nd Street


THINGS TO SEE/DO

TAKE A STROLL AROUND
GREENWICH VILLAGE

Greenwich Village in downtown Manhattan
stretches from Houston Street to 14th Street,
and between Fourth Avenue (then the Bowery)
and Sixth Avenue.

Brownstones covered in ivy and Federal-
style homes dot Greenwich Village, one
of the loveliest areas in New York. From
the funky, bohemian shops to sidewalk
cafes, craft stores and organic bakeries,
taking a stroll around Greenwich Village
is a unique experience. Once the home
of writers and artists as Edgar Allen Poe,
Henry James and Jackson Pollock, this
upscale area is still infused with a bohemian
vibe. In Washington Square Park, you
can see a majestic arch that rises over its
entrance way. You can also see where Bette
Davis made her debut on the stage at the
Provincetown Playhouse.

Book a Tour

  TRANSPORT                  Find Out More

Subway:
A, C, E, B, D, F, M to
W 4th Street;
L, N, Q, R, 4, 5, 6 to
14th Street;
Union Sq; N, R to
8th Street;
NYU 1 to
Christopher St Sheridan Sq.


THINGS TO SEE/DO

GO ON A BIRTHPLACE OF
HIP HOP TOUR

Near Bloomingdales in Midtown Manhattan.
(Meeting location details will be provided
immediately upon purchase of tickets)

A true sense of the city can be experienced
when you go on a New York Birthplace
of Hip Hop Tour. This tour takes visitors
through important sites in the Bronx and
Harlem. You’ll get to watch B-Boy and B-Girl
dance demonstrations and hear freestyle
raps. Guests are also encouraged to display
their own talents in the tour’s ‘Show Your
Skills’ portion. The hosts regale visitors with
first-person stories about the birth of hip hop
and what the music’s first days were like,
reminding them of yet another reason why
New York is one of the most important cities
in history.

Book a Tour

  OPENING HOURS                        CONTACT

Wed, Fri and Saturdays:            Tel: +1 212-714-354
11:00 a.m. – 3:00 p.m.
                                   Find Out More
      TRANSPORT

Subway:
 4, 5, 6, N, or R to 59th Street.


THINGS TO SEE/DO

                                                    Blogger Recommended

YOGA CLASS AT Y7

240 Kent Ave, Brooklyn, NY 11249

New York City has no shortage of yoga
studios and they all use sound in different
ways, from the power of silence, the sacred
chant, or an intertwining of popular and
Indian music. But there are no yoga studios
that use music quite like Y7: with locations
in SoHo, Flatiron and Williamsburg, Y7
is emphatic that hip-hop and yoga can
complement each other. Although hip-hop
music can make it into almost any class,
Hip-Hop Wednesdays and Sundays turn
the volume way up on heavy beats and
rap freestyles — in a way that (sometimes
surprisingly) pushes your yoga practice even
further.

Book a Class

     TRANSPORT                        CONTACT

Subway:                          Tel: +1 646-820-0781
The nearest subway station is N
7th Street with Bedford Avenue.    Find Out More
Take the L line.

Bus:
Take the B32 or Q59 to S 1st
Street and Kent Avenue


THINGS TO SEE/DO

                                                    Blogger Recommended

UNION SQUARE
SUBWAY STATION

East 14th Street, Park Avenue
South & Broadway
New York, NY 10003

Commuting on the New York City subway
can be many things: convenient, frustrating,
a tight squeeze. But rarely is it quiet. From
breakdancers blasting hip-hop and swinging
around the pole in your subway car to
buskers singing acoustic covers on the
platform, it can be a veritable concert almost
anywhere you go. But the most reliable
place for the best music is in the heart of
the Union Square subway station, located
on the uppermost level between the stairs
to the NQR uptown and downtown tracks.
From a full brass band to an 11-year-old
piano player prodigy, you can always count
on overhearing something that will make you
want to take out your headphones.

Subway Maps

OPENING TIMES        Find Out More

    Daily: 24 hours


THINGS TO SEE/DO

                                                    Blogger Recommended

DINE AT CAFÉ MOTO

394 Broadway, Brooklyn, NY 11211

From the outside, this restaurant is fairly
unassuming and is located directly under the
elevated JMZ subway line. Once you open
the heavy metal door flaking with peeling
paint, you’re magically transported to an old-
world café and bar. The fantastic horseshoe
bar serves up class cocktails and rustic
American fare, but what really makes it all
flow is the live music show every night. Take
a seat at a candle-lit table and enjoy the
acoustic folk music as you enjoy your food,
drinks and company.

What’s on the Menu

 OPENING HOURS                 TRANSPORT

Twilight drink:           Subway:
5.30pm - 7.30pm           Take the G line to Broadway
                          with Union Avenue, or J or
Dinner:                   M to Hewes St with Hooper
6.00pm - 12.00am nightly  Street

Brunch:                   Bus:
11.00 am - 4.00 pm        Take the B60 to S 5th Street
Sat and Sun               with Hooper Street

     CONTACT                  Find Out More

Tel: +1 718-599-6895


   NY FOR YOU

Party Animals

New York isn’t nicknamed the city that never
sleeps for nothing - the city has some of
the best bars and nightclubs in America.
NYC is truly a party animal’s paradise, with
everything from stylish rooftop bars like
Upstairs NYC to the classic speakeasy-
style cocktail haven at Dutch Kills. Visitors
can also head to Harlem for something
reminiscent of the 1920s or check out
Dive Bar for ice cold beer and New York
banter. Stay out all night long at celebrated
nightclubs like Pacha, Output and Marquee.

BEST BARS  BEST BEER
    BEST       BARS
                BEST
 ROOFTOP
    BARS   NIGHTCLUBS


    PARTY ANIMALS

Best Bars

Whether you like an ice cold beer or a singapore
sling New York is buzzing with bars of all shapes
and sizes. We’ve put together a selection of bars
that will give you a true taste of NYC pub scene. Get
ready for ambience and style in abundance.

    Dive Bar
    Ginnys Club/Red Rooster
    Dutch Kills
    Phoenix Bar
    Hotel Chantelle
    The Levee


BEST BARS

DIVE BAR

1) 101 W 75th Street NYC 75th and Columbus
2) 732 Amsterdam Ave NYC 96th and Amsterdam
3) 2662 Broadway NYC 101st and Broadway

The pulse of the Dive Bar beats with the
classic vibe of a New York neighbourhood
bar. The bar offers a constantly changing
selection of beers so that you never have to
drink the same type twice. People can pair
their beer of choice with an appetizer or full
meal from the bar’s food menu. Why not try
some of the quirkily named sandwiches on
the menu, such as the ‘Ultimate Seinfeld
Sandwich’, at the 96th and Amsterdam
location. Events are scheduled nightly for
constant entertainment. Depending on which
evening you visit, you might enjoy sports,
trivia or live music.

What’s on the Menu

  OPENING HOURS                    CONTACT

75th and Columbus:            1) Tel: 212-362-7518
Mon - Thur: 12.00pm - 4.00am  2) Tel: (212) 749-4358
                              3) Tel: 212- 865-2662
96th and Amsterdam:
Sun - Mon: 11.30am - 4.00am     Find Out More

101st and Broadway:
Sun-Mon: 12.00pm - 4.00am


    BEST BARS

GINNY’S SUPER CLUB / THE
RED ROOSTER HARLEM

310 Lenox Avenue, New York, NY 10027

Any successful visit to New York’s bars is
not complete without heading to Harlem
to experience the sister bars of Ginny’s
Supper Club and the Red Rooster Harlem.
Downstairs at Ginny’s Supper Club, you can
sample soul food and relax with live music
in an atmosphere that brings back the feel of
1920s Harlem with all its glamour. Upstairs
at the Red Rooster Harlem, it’s all about
taking American cuisine back to its roots and
soaking up the diverse culinary traditions of
Harlem itself. You can also sip signature or
classic cocktails, wine or other tipples from
the drinks menus.

                What’s on the Menu

Ginny’s Super Club Red Rooster Harlem


BEST BARS

GINNY’S SUPER CLUB

GSTIuNRbwANaNyY:S’PSORSTUPER CLUB / THE

   The 2 & 3 express lines to 125th Street & Lenox

RED ROOSTER HARLEM31Ao0fvGeLnienunneoys’xstaSAtiuvopnepnaeurreeCj,uluNsbtesawtnedpYsRoaerkwd,aRNyofYoros1mte0rt0hH2ea7frrleomnt.dTohoer

   A, C, B and D lines at 125th Street and Saint Nicholas
   Avenue Station are 3 blocks away.

Any successful visit to New York’s bars is
tnooBTatenhudexcs:poG10emin2rnpi&ye’lsen7 StcBeueupswptehesitrehsCtooslupuibstd.tiehrerectablydainirnsfgroontftooGfHiRnaenrdlyeR’smooster

Supper Club and the Red Rooster Harlem.

DoOwPnEsNtaINirsGaHt OGUinRnSy’s SupCpeOrNCTlAubC,Tyou can

saBSmurunpn, lc1eh0::s30oauml-f1o2o.3d0pamnd  rberlianxTGgesiwnl:nbi2tyha1’s2clikS4vu2eth1pmee3r8ufCe2sl1euiclbof
in an atmosphere that
1a9tDT2thihn0uenrs-eSRrHa:te:ad6r.l0eR0mpomow-s1it0teh.0r0aHplmlairtlsemglFa, imint’soduaorl.luUat bpmosoutarteirs

taking American cuisine back to its roots and
soaking up the diveCrsloesceulinary traditions of

Harlem itself. You can also sip signature or

classic cocktails, wine or other tipples from

the drinks menus.

What’s on the Menu

Ginny’s Super Club Red Rooster Harlem


BEST BARS

RED ROOSTER HARLEM

GSTIuNRbwANaNyY:S’PSORSTUPER CLUB / THE

   The 2 & 3 express lines to 125th Street & Lenox

RED ROOSTER HARLEM31oA0fvGeLnienunneoys’xstaSAtiuvopnepnaeurreeCj,uluNsbtesawtnedpYsRoaerkwd,aRNyofYoros1mte0rt0hH2ea7frrleomnt.dTohoer

A, C, B and D lines at 125th Street and Saint Nicholas

   Avenue Station are 3 blocks away.

Any successful visit to New York’s bars is
tnooTaBtenhudexcs:poG10emin2rnpi&ye’lsen7 StcBeueupswptehesitrehsCtooslupuibstd.tiehrerectablydainirnsfgroontftooGfHiRnaenrdlyeR’smooster

Supper Club and the Red Rooster Harlem.

DoOwPnEsNtaINirsGaHt OGUinRnSy’s SupCpeOrNCTlAubC,Tyou can

saBSmarut-pnSlcuehn:,s1o0u:0l0faomo-d3.0a0npmd  relaxRewditRholoivsetermHuasrliecm
in an atmosphere that                           brinTgesl: b2a12ck-7t9h2e-9f0e0e1l of
1a9tML2tuoh0nnecs-FhRrH:i,ea1d1r:l3eR0moaomws-3itte.h3r0apHmllairtlsemglFa, imint’soduaorl.luUat bpmosoutarteirs
taDMkiionnnng-eTrhA:umr, 4e.3ri0cpamn-1c0.u3i0spimne back to its roots and
HsoaSSFaraurilk,tne,4,i4nm.43.g.3030ip0tupmpsmpme-1--l1t1f1h1..03.e3Y.000po0dpmpumimvcearsneaclsuolinsaiprystirgandaittiuornesoorf

classic cocktails, wine or other tipples from
the drinks menus. Close

What’s on the Menu

Ginny’s Super Club Red Rooster Harlem


BEST BARS

DUTCH KILLS

27-24 Jackson Ave, in Long Island City Queens

The New York Dutch Kills bar is a cocktail
destination heaven. The bar sits modestly
behind a nondescript facade. Once inside,
you’ll find yourself in a darkened bar with
a speakeasy feel. A mixology expert and
master bartenders work together to deliver
both classic cocktails as well as craft ones.
They’re known for having a good variety of
delectable whiskey drinks. The bar’s entire
atmosphere, including the musical selections
(there’s even a rag time band!), is laidback,
hailing back to a time when people knew
how to just sit back, relax and sip their drinks
over good food and conversation.

What’s on the Menu

  OPENING HOURS                Find Out More

7 Days a Week:
5pm ‘til 2am (OR LATER)

     TRANSPORT

Subway:
E - M - R at Queens Plaza
E - M - G at Court Square
N - Q - 7 at Queensboro Plaza


BEST BARS

                                   Blogger Recommended

PHOENIX BAR

447 E 13th St, Manhattan,
New York, NY 10009

This gay bar located in the east village
proudly boasts the accolade of having the
best jukebox in the city. It’s also a bar that
cherishes the local community and this
warmth of spirit, as well as its will to roll with
the times, has made it both endearing and a
go-to place. On the weekend it’s a great bar
to start your night before going out to one
of New York’s many clubs. Friday nights are
particularly fun as people from the world of
film and fashion stop by for the Friday night
party.

           Location

  OPENING HOURS                       CONTACT

7 Days a Week:                     Tel: 212-477 9979
3.00 pm - 4.00 am
                                   Find Out More
     TRANSPORT

Subway:
Take the L train to E 14th Street
with 1st Avenue

Bus:
Take the M14 A to E 14th Street
with Avenue A


BEST BARS

                                                    Blogger Recommended

HOTEL CHANTELLE

92 Ludlow St, New York, NY 10002

Head to Hotel Chantelle for a rooftop bar
during the day and 3 bars during the evening
on Friday’s and Saturday’s. Hotel Chantelle
offers French flare with occasional live
jazz music and brings together a mixture
of lounge bar chic and high tempo dance
space. Whether you like a laidback vibe or
the latest modern pop music there is always
something to please the crowd at this lively
venue. Enjoy some fresh air on the roof
terrace and a boozy brunch on Saturday
mornings.

           Visit Now

  OPENING HOURS                  CONTACT

7 Days a Week:               Tel: (212) 254-9100
Dinner: Tuesday-Saturday
5:00pm-11:00pm               Find Out More
Brunch:
Saturday - 10:00am – 5:00pm
Sunday - 11:00am – 5:00pm

Happy hour:
Tues-Fri - 5:00pm - 8:00pm
Late night:
Thurs - 11:00pm - 4:00am
Friday - 11:00pm - 4:00am
Saturday - 11:00pm - 4:00am


BEST BARS

                                                    Blogger Recommended

THE LEVEE

212 Berry St, Brooklyn, NY 11211

By far one of the best and most relaxed
bars in New York offering decent priced
drinks, where you can stop in with your
friends or can easily make new friends. The
Levee also has a wide selection of board
games to play plus a pool table and darts
to compliment their light snacks - that’s right
free cheese puffs for all! During the warmer
days of the year The Levee opens a garden
out the back with tables that can be a great
escape from the music inside. You’ll find The
Levee attracts a young and vibrant crowd
who are always ready for a good time.

           Location

OPENING HOURS            CONTACT

  Monday - Sunday:    Tel: 718 218 8787
  12:00 pm - 4:00 am
                      Find Out More


    PARTY ANIMALS

Best Beer Bars

After a long day’s travelling there’s nothing like
stopping for an ice cold beer - luckily NYC is
brimming with trendy beer bars. From social
hotspots like Blind Tiger where the New York
workforce chill out after a shift to innovative
microbreweries like Gunhill Brewery, New York has
got you covered if you love a good beer.

    Skinny Dennis
    Battery Harris
    Glorietta Baldy
    Ginhill Brewery
    D.B.A
    Radegast & Biergarten
    Blind Tiger


BEST BEER BARS

SKINNY DENNIS

Skinny Dennis,152 Metroplitan Ave
Brooklyn, NY 11211

A honky-tonk bar in the centre of Brooklyn
is totally unexpected, which is what makes
Skinny Dennis so great. A jukebox plays
a mix of classic country favourites and
Southern rock songs, and a painted portrait
of Willie Nelson hangs behind the bar. Some
of the seats have been pulled right from
pickup trucks, and there are a few vintage
video games throughout the space. Aside
from the unusual decor, New York’s Skinny
Dennis has earned a reputation for serving
cheap cans of domestic beer as well as a
variety of craft beers on tap. Patrons can
snack on hot peanuts while sipping beer in a
relaxed and undeniably cool atmosphere.

What’s on the Menu

OPENING HOURS               Find Out More

7 Days a Week:
5:00pm - 2:00am (or later)

   TRANSPORT

Subway:
L at Bedford Ave.


BEST BEER BARS

BATTERY HARRIS

64 Frost Street at Meeker / Lorimer Williamsburg,
Brooklyn 11211, New York, NY 10020

When the weather is nice, Battery Harris in
Brooklyn is the ultimate spot to enjoy a meal
outside on the patio and sip on a pitcher of
draft beer. Even if the New York weather is a
little chilly, the Caribbean theme of the New
York Battery Harris will make visitors forget
all about what’s going on outside. There are
few better places in Brooklyn for a boozy
lunch than Battery Harris, which offers an
extensive brunch menu. Visitors can pair
local craft beers and bottled Caribbean ales
with special dishes like candied plantains or
an oxtail hash with fried eggs.

What’s on the Menu

  OPENING HOURS              Find Out More

7 Days a Week:
Mon - Wed: 2:30pm - 12:00am
Thurs: 1:00pm - 2:00am
Fri: 12:00pm - 4:00am
Sat: 11:00pm - 4:00am
Sun: 11:00am - 12:00am

      TRANSPORT

Subway:
L at Bedford Ave.


BEST BEER BARS

GLORIETTA BALDY

502 Franklin Ave., Brooklyn, NY 11238
nr. Fulton St

Glorietta Baldy is always jumping on the
weekends and is lovingly referred to by its
patrons as “That Bar Under the Stairs.” The
craft brews on the menu change daily and
visitors can look online to find out what the
offerings are before heading in. Pretty much
any beer lover will be able to find something
to enjoy on the extensive list. The space is
completely relaxed, so there’s no need to
dress up while at the New York Glorietta
Baldy. In between rounds of great beer have
a shot on the pinball machines or enjoy live
music most nights of the week.

Book Venue

 OPENING HOURS                  Find Out More

7 Days a Week:
Mon - Fri: 4:00pm - 4:00am
Sat - Sun: 2:00pm - 4:00pm

    TRANSPORT

Subway:
C, S at Franklin Ave.; A, C at
Nostrand Ave.


BEST BEER BARS

GUNHILL BREWERY

3227 Laconia Ave. Bronx, N.Y. 10469

Set within the Bronx, Gun Hill brought
local brewing back to the borough. It is
designated as a farm beer making company
because it sources many ingredients locally.
Named after the mound where colonists
stored weapons and ammunition during the
American Revolution, this microbrewery
produces a range of ales, stouts and
seasonal beers. The brewery’s public tasting
room serves hand-crafted beers on tap
and from the bottle. Hop on the 2, 5 or 6
trains to have a taste - perfect for the beer
enthusiasts visiting NYC!

What’s on the Menu

  OPENING HOURS                CONTACT

7 Days a Week:              Tel: (718) 881-0010
Mon - Wed: 2:30pm - 9:00pm
Thurs: 1:00pm - 9:00pm      Find Out More
Fri: 1:00pm - 11:00pm
Sat: 12:00pm - 11:00pm
Sun: 12:00pm - 9:00pm


BEST BEER BARS

                                                    Blogger Recommended

D.B.A

41, First Avenue near 2nd Street,
New York, NY10003

Located in the heart of the east village,
d.b.a. is a beer lover’s gem with enough
space for almost everyone to enjoy their vast
selection of beer. The bar has a backyard
patio, almost unheard of in New York, and
this is open until 10.00 pm. Their selection
of beer — there are more than 60 varieties
— is cleverly curated so that it will appeal
to a large selection of beer connoisseurs. If
you’re hungry, they’ll even let you bring your
own food in to go with your beer.

Location

  OPENING HOURS                    CONTACT

7 Days a Week:                  Tel: 212-475-5097
12.00 pm - 4.00 am
                                Find Out More
      TRANSPORT

Subway:
Take the F to 2nd Avenue

Bus:
Take the M15-SBS to 1 E Street
with 1 Avenue


BEST BEER BARS

                                                    Blogger Recommended

RADEGAST HALL AND
BIERGARTEN

113 N 3rd St, Brooklyn, NY 11249

This authentic large beer garden in
Williamsburg has a German vibe that gives
you the pleasant impression that you have
stepped back in time and left the country.
The bar serves up large litres of beer on
tap with plenty of long tables that attract fun
people who are all looking to appreciate fine
beer with friends. Naturally, this is one of the
coolest places to go if you wish to celebrate
Oktoberfest here! And if you enjoy music,
you’ll be pleased to hear that there are live
performances at the garden every day.

Location

  OPENING HOURS                  CONTACT

Mon-Thur: 12.00pm - 2.00am    Tel: 718-963-3973
Fri: 12.00pm - 3.00am
Sat: 11.00am - 3.00am         Find Out More
Sun: 11.00am - 2.00am

      TRANSPORT

Subway:
Take the L train to Bedway
Street with N 7th Street

Bus:
Take the B62 to N 3rd Street
with Bedford Avenue


BEST BEER BARS

                                                    Blogger Recommended

BLIND TIGER

281 Bleecker St, New York, NY 10014

Not for the typical beer consumer, Blind
Tiger is where you go when you love your
beer and already know what suits your
taste buds. This fantastic bar has achieved
legendary status and everyone in New York
loves Blind Tiger. It’s best to try their diverse
selection of draft beers mid-day before
everyone else gets out of work. Otherwise
be prepared to see what a really packed bar
in New York is like! And if you like cheese,
you’ll love Blind Tiger. Every Wednesday at
6.00 pm they put out cheese for guests to
enjoy free!

Visit Now

  OPENING HOURS                    CONTACT

7 Days a Week:                  Tel: 212-462-4682
Mon-Sun: 11.30am - 4.00am
                                Find Out More
      TRANSPORT

Subway:
Take the 1 or 2 to Christopher
Street with Sheridan Square

Bus:
Take the M20 to Bleecker St
with Barrow Street


    PARTY ANIMALS

Best Rooftop Bars

When you’re planning your trip you should learn
about New York’s best rooftop bars. You can party
the night away, sipping on your favourite tipples
while you gaze across the city skyline. In this
section are a number of cool rooftop bars you’ll want
to visit while you’re in the city.

    Loopy Doopy
    Upstairs NYC
    The Ides
    Vista Sky Lounge
    230 Fifth
    Boom Boom Room
    Ravel Hotel Rooftop


BEST ROOFTOP BARS

LOOPY DOOPY

102 North End Avenue, New York, NY 10282
Top Floor | Conrad New York

On the 16th floor of the Conrad Hotel in
New York, the Loopy Doopy Rooftop Bar
offers delicious views of the Statue of Liberty
and alcoholic ice pops. While you’re there
you should try the Topsy Turvy, a lime and
coconut cocktail which evokes a tropical
paradise. You can also socialise with food
platters as the Hudson River flows behind
you. The olives, marinated mushrooms
and freshly made hummus in the Mezze
Platter work splendidly with wine. The Loopy
Doopy’s Lychee Rose Sangria brings an
innovative twist to the classic cocktail that
can be enjoyed in beautiful tandem with the
view.

What’s on the Menu

  OPENING HOURS                 CONTACT

Mon-Thur: 4.00pm - 12.00am  Tel: (646) 769-4250
Fri-Sat: 12.00pm - 1.00am
Sun: 12.00pm - 12.00am      Find Out More


BEST ROOFTOP BARS

UPSTAIRS NYC

Penthouse Level 145 East 50th Street
New York City

Sitting 30 storeys above midtown
Manhattan, the Upstairs NYC rooftop
bar provides 3,000 square feet of space,
allowing guests to party atop the Kimberly
Hotel. This bar is sophisticated and fun, with
retractable walls, 360 degree panoramic
views and cocktails that appeal to even the
most discerning of tastes. The neo-Gothic,
Art Deco flair couples with unparalleled
views of the famous Chrysler Building. You
can enjoy cocktails and conversation while
nibbling on the bar’s small plate offerings.
Don your best attire and try The Chrysler, a
signature drink that blends honey, Hennessy
and champagne for a luxurious New York
experience.

                       Visit Now

  OPENING HOURS                      CONTACT

Monday: 5.00pm - 12.00am          Tel: 212 702 1600
Tue-Wed: 5.00pm - 1.00am
Thur-Fri: 5.00pm - 2.00am         Find Out More
Saturday:
Brunch: 12.00pm - 4.00pm
Upstairs opens: 4.00pm - 2.00am
Sunday:
Brunch: 12.00pm - 4.00pm
Upstairs opens: 4.00pm - 11.00pm

      TRANSPORT

Subway:
Lexington Av/53 St, 59 St,
5 Av/59 St


BEST ROOFTOP BARS

THE IDES

Wythe Ave & N 11th St, Brooklyn, NY 11249

Sitting 30 storeys above midtown
Manhattan, the Upstairs NYC rooftop
bar provides 3,000 square feet of space,
allowing guests to party atop the Kimberly
Hotel. This bar is sophisticated and fun, with
retractable walls, 360 degree panoramic
views and cocktails that appeal to even the
most discerning of tastes. The neo-Gothic,
Art Deco flair couples with unparalleled
views of the famous Chrysler Building. You
can enjoy cocktails and conversation while
nibbling on the bar’s small plate offerings.
Don your best attire and try The Chrysler, a
signature drink that blends honey, Hennessy
and champagne for a luxurious New York
experience.

Book a Table

OPENING HOURS          Find Out More
                          Transport
Mon-Fri: Opens 4.00pm
Sar-Sun: Opens 2.00pm


BEST ROOFTOP BARS

                     TRANSPORT

         10 minutes from Manhattan by taxi

THE IDES6 minutes walk to East River Ferry

Wythe Ave & N 11th St, Brooklyn, NY 11249

         7 minutes walk to Bedford L subway stop

         9 minutes walk to Nassau G subway stop

Sitting153m0inustteosrweaylsk farobmoMvaercmy JidMtZoswunbway stop
Manh1a5tmtainnu,tetshferomUpLasGtauiarrsdiaNAYirCporrtoboy fttaoxpi
bar provides 3,000 square feet of space,
allowi2n5gmginuuteesstfsromtoJFpKarAtiyrpoarttobpy tathxie Kimberly
Hotel. This bar is sophisticated and fun, with
retractable walls, 36C0lodseegree panoramic
views and cocktails that appeal to even the
most discerning of tastes. The neo-Gothic,
Art Deco flair couples with unparalleled
views of the famous Chrysler Building. You
can enjoy cocktails and conversation while
nibbling on the bar’s small plate offerings.
Don your best attire and try The Chrysler, a
signature drink that blends honey, Hennessy
and champagne for a luxurious New York
experience.

Book a Table

OPENING HOURS          Find Out More
                          Transport
Mon-Fri: Opens 4.00pm
Sar-Sun: Opens 2.00pm


BEST ROOFTOP BARS

VISTA SKY LOUNGE

Four Points by Sheraton Long Island City 27-05
39th Avenue Long Island City, NY 11101

On the outskirts of Queens and easily
accessible from Manhattan is the Vista Sky
Lounge. Travellers often stand in awe at the
views offered at the top of the Four Points
by Sheraton Hotel, where the Vista Sky
Lounge can be found. Enjoy an upmarket
dining menu featuring delicious appetisers
and sharing platters. The drinks are just as
impressive, and top beverage picks include
the lychee Martini and the chilled rose
wines. All are served up as you gaze out
towards Queensboro Bridge and glittering
Manhattan landmarks like the Empire State
Building. Vista is the perfect venue for a
special birthday or event.

What’s on the Menu

 OPENING HOURS                CONTACT

Sun -Thu: 5.00pm - 1.00am  Tel: 347-536-3640
Fri -Sat: 5.00pm - 3.00am
                           Find Out More


BEST ROOFTOP BARS

                                                    Blogger Recommended

230 FIFTH

230 5th Ave, New York, NY 10001, United States

Located on 27th Street cornering with 5th
Avenue, the New York rooftop bar 230
FIFTH gifts you with views of the Manhattan
skyline. With an indoor and outdoor space
it’s perfect all year round for a visit. Try
their famous mojitos during the summer —
even the mint leaves they use are grown
organically on site! During the chilly days
of fall/winter, you can still access the roof.
They have comfy, red robes available on
loan! Sit in heated areas and enjoy their
hot chocolate. You have the Empire State
Building as your backdrop, so don’t forget to
take a selfie!

What’s on?

 OPENING HOURS                  CONTACT

Mon-Fri: 4.00pm - 4.00am   Tel: +1 212-725-4300
Sat-Sun: 10.00am - 4.00am
                            Find Out More


BEST ROOFTOP BARS

                                                    Blogger Recommended

THE STANDARD HOTEL
BOOM BOOM ROOM

848 Washington St, New York, NY 10014

The top of the Standard Hotel is a must go-
to for their one and only Boom Boom Room!
The floor-to-ceiling windows of this New York
rooftop bar let the light flood in, resulting
in a stunning establishment with inspiring
views from every angle. The upscale
crowd is energetic and ready for anything,
with wonderful staff who can keep up with
them. Check their schedule for live bands,
especially if you enjoy jazz, and forgo your
usual drink to try their signature cocktails
instead. The rooftop has great little tables, lit
by candlelight for a romantic ambience.

What’s on?

   OPENING HOURS                  CONTACT

Mon 4.00 - 12.00 am            Tel: 212 645 7600
Tue - Sat 4.00 - 9.00 pm
Sun 12.00 pm - 12.00 am        Find Out More

       TRANSPORT

Subway:
Take the A, C or E train to W
14 Street between 8th and 9th
Avenue

Bus:
Take the M11, M12, M14A or
M14D bus to W 14 Street/
Washington Street


BEST ROOFTOP BARS

                                                    Blogger Recommended

RAVEL HOTEL
ROOFTOP BAR

8-08 Queens Plaza South, Long Island City,
NY 11101

Take a break from the Manhattan scene, and
head over to Long Island City (Queens) for
an amazing rooftop bar located in the Ravel
Hotel. Just a few stops from Manhattan,
you can’t beat its proximity. You can take
a photo there almost as if you were under
the Queensboro Bridge. Ravel showcases
some of the hottest DJs, spinning everything
from house music to Top 40, as well as other
types of music. Once you feel the rhythm,
you won’t be able to stop moving your body!
Ravel also has tasty drinks, delicious food,
and provides a great ambience.

What’s on?

  OPENING HOURS                  CONTACT

Hotel is open 24 hours a day  Tel: 212 645 7600

                              Find Out More


    PARTY ANIMALS

Best Nightclubs

Renowned as the city that never sleeps, it should
come as no surprise that New York boasts some of
the best nightlife venues on the planet. Read about
some of the finest clubs in New York in this section,
which have that big city vibe as well as drinks,
dancing and music.

    Le Bain
    Pacha
    Marqee
    Lavo NYC
    Output
    Cavo


BEST NIGHTCLUBS

LE BAIN

848 Washington at 13th Street
New York 10014

In the heart of the trending Meatpacking
District is Le Bain, a nightclub at the top
of the Standard Hotel. The club offers an
amazing city view which you can appreciate
through enormous glass windows. At night,
the city lights up in a spectacular display that
serves as the backdrop to the excitement
in the club. With international-class DJs, a
summer rooftop and refreshing drinks, Le
Bain meets all expectations.

What’s on the Menu

  OPENING HOURS                   CONTACT

Monday: 4.00pm - 12.00am       Tel: 212-645-7600
Tue - Thurs 4.00pm - 4.00am
Fri - Sat: 2.00pm - 4.00am     Find Out More
Sunday: 2.00pm - 3.00am

     TRANSPORT

Subway:
Take the A, C, E at 14th St.


BEST NIGHTCLUBS

PACHA

Pacha New York 618 W.46th Street
New York, NY 10036

Serious nightlife aficionados might recognise
the name Pacha from travels to Ibiza. The
New York Pacha is owned and operated
by the same group, and it shares the
hedonistic, party-until-dawn vibe that has
made Ibiza famous. Pacha is an enormous
venue that boasts more than 30,000 square
feet and four distinct levels, each with their
own special character and décor. LED walls
and interactive screens add that incredible
Ibiza spirit to the rooms. Events are held
frequently at the club. Sign up in advance
to get on the guest list, or pay extra for VIP
entry and a set number of drinks throughout
the night.

Book Tickets Now

  OPENING HOURS                    CONTACT

Monday: 4.00pm - 12.00am       Tel: (212) 209-7500
Tue - Thurs 4.00pm - 4.00am
Fri - Sat: 2.00pm - 4.00am     Find Out More
Sunday: 2.00pm - 3.00am

     TRANSPORT

Subway:
Take the A, C, E at 42nd St.-
Port Authority Bus Terminal


BEST NIGHTCLUBS

MARQUEE

Marquee New York
289 10th Ave, New York, NY 10001

The New York nightclub Marquee is iconic
and undergoes a Renaissance every few
years to remain one of the Big Apple’s top
nightlife spots. High ceilings and screens
surround the main dance floors, and top acts
from around the world are often found on
the events calendar. Getting entry at New
York Marquee is an efficient process. There
are three queues: one for people who have
bought tickets in advance, one for those
without tickets hoping for general admission
and one for those planning on reserving
table service for the night. The dress code
is ‘upscale and trendy’, so dress to impress
and be ready to dance.

Book Tickets Now

   OPENING HOURS                     CONTACT

Wed, Fri & Sat: 11.00pm - 4.00am  Tel: 646-473-0202

      TRANSPORT                   Find Out More

Subway:
Take the C, E at 23rd St.


BEST NIGHTCLUBS

                                                    Blogger Recommended

LAVO NYC

39 E 58th St, New York, NY 10022

Get your best outfit on and be prepared for
some photo ops (since you might run into
a few celebrities) Lavo NYC in the midtown
east neighborhood. The interior is classy
and the space itself is beautiful, upscale and
very chic, with several crystal chandeliers.
The tables are large, (at least 6 to 10 people
can fit) and all face the DJ booth, providing
a great view of the music set. The VIP tables
have cool hidden storage for ladies to put
away their clutches. And the music itself is
diverse: rap, house and even remixes of old
hits —they play it all!

Lavo NYC Blog

  OPENING HOURS                    CONTACT

Restaurant:                     Tel: 212 584 2700
Mon - Wed: 11.00am - 12.00am
Thur - Sun: 11.30am - 1.00am    Find Out More
Nightclub:
Thur - Sat: 11.00pm - 4.00am

      TRANSPORT

Subway:
Take the N, Q, R , or 4, 5, 6
lines to Lexington Avenue / 59
Street

Bus:
Take the M1, M2, M3 or M4


BEST NIGHTCLUBS

                                                    Blogger Recommended

OUTPUT

74 Wythe Ave, Brooklyn, NY 11249,
United States

New York Output is a major nightclub in
Williamsburg, Brooklyn. The club has an
open dance floor and a second floor that
wraps around it, so you can watch the
masses moving to the music. There’s more
of an underground, grungy raw vibe with
world-renowned artists playing on any given
night. In addition to the awesome main
room, there’s the Panther Room and the
rooftop. The music depends on the DJ, so
plan ahead by checking their website. If you
enjoy electronic dance music, Output is for
you. It’s a treat to hear drum and bass there
— Output has one of the only systems in
NYC that can handle the sound!

Location

  OPENING HOURS                     CONTACT

7 Days a Week:                     SEND EMAIL
10.00 pm to 3.00 am
                                 Find Out More
May very depending on the event

      TRANSPORT

Subway:
Nearest subway station is
several streets away. Take the
G line to Nassau Avenue.

Bus:
Take the B32 to Kent Avenue /
N 12th Street


BEST NIGHTCLUBS

                                                    Blogger Recommended

CAVO

42-18 31st Ave, Astoria, NY 11103

At night, Cavo transforms from a stylish
restaurant into a nightclub that hosts some
of the hottest parties and DJs. Imagine a
big main room that fits hundreds of people
with lights, amazing sound, go-go dancers,
electronic violinist and other amazing
performers. There are two rooms. One is
like a bar scene which still draws a crowd,
but with a more chilled and relaxed scene.
The second room is the club area with high
ceilings, a DJ booth in the sky, VIP tables,
large dance floor and a huge bar. Cavo is
known for its themed nights, Mediterranean,
Euro-Latin and much more.

Location

 OPENING HOURS                CONTACT

Tue-Thur: 5.00pm - 2.00am  Tel: 718-721-1001
Fri-Sat: 5.00pm - 4.00am
Sunday: 5.00pm - 12.00am   Find Out More


   NY FOR YOU

Contributors

    Jessica Tiare Bowen
    Dyanna Dawson
    Johnnybell Sanchez
    Christin Amorose
    Olga M. Czarkowski
    Tracy Kaler
    Freddy Rodriguez


  CONTRIBUTORS

JESSICA TIARE BOWEN

www.usedyorkcity.com

A founder of Used York City an online travel
magazine dedicated to providing readers
with the best New York City has to offer…as
used by New Yorkers.

    The Morgan Library
    Armstrong Museum
    Museum of NYC
    Ahoy New York
    Accomplice: New York
    Soundwalk
    Street Art Walk
    Please Touch the Art
    Panorama


  CONTRIBUTORS

DYANNA DAWSON

www.thesfstyle.com

Street Fashion Style photographer and
coauthor of Street Fashion Photography:
Taking Stylish Pictures on the Concrete
Runway.

    Museum at FIT
    Fashion Icons
    Martinis & Manicures
    Upper West Flea Market
    MoMA Design Store
    L-Train Vintage


  CONTRIBUTORS

JOHNNYBELL SANCHEZ

www.nytrendymoms.com

Founded in December 2011 by Johnnybell
Sanchez, NYTrendyMoms is one of the most
influential blogs in New York City. HotelClub.
com nominated NYTM as one of the top 20
New York City blogs in 2014.

    BKB
    Buvette
    Via Vai
    Los Amigos
    Tuck Shop
    Ample Hills Creamery


  CONTRIBUTORS

CHRISTINE AMOROSE

www.cestchristine.com

Christine Amorose writes about travel,
lifestyle and living in NYC at CestChristine.
com. Follow Christine’s adventures in
Brooklyn and beyond on Instagram.

    Dizzy’s Jazz Club
    Brooklyn Bowl
    Prospect Park Bandshell
    Yoga Class at Y7
    Union Square Subway
    Cafe Moto


  CONTRIBUTORS

OLGA MARIA CZARKOWSKI

www.dreamsinheels.com

Olga Maria of Dreams in Heels is a NYC
based travel & style Latina Writer; who aims
to inspire and to empower women to live a
more adventurous and curious life. Leading
by example, she intends to show you how
to follow your dreams and to discover
your inner self, doing it all with style! Her
excursions of culture have led her to Asia,
Europe, Latin America, The Caribbean,
across United States and Canada. Join Olga
on her next adventure via DIH Blogazine’s
social media username, Dreamsinheels.

    230 Fifth
    Boom Boom Room
    The Ravel Hotel
    Lavo
    Output
    Cavo


  CONTRIBUTORS

TRACY KALER

www.tracysnewyorklife.com

Tracy Kaler is a lifestyle and travel writer,
and founder/editor of the popular NYC blog,
Tracy’s New York Life. Tracy’s writing has
appeared in Metro NY, BrickUnderground,
Business Insider, Olive Oil Times, The
Epoch Times, Mabuhay Magazine, and other
publications. She resides in New York City.

    Avenue Q
    Trip of Love
    The 39 Steps
    Beautiful
    On Your Feet
    An American in Paris


  CONTRIBUTORS

FREDDY RODRIGUEZ

www.blueperk.net

Freddy Rodriguez is a southern Texas
transplant currently living between New York
City and Berlin blogging about his travels,
fashion, and experiences on his website,
Blue Perk.

    D.B.A
    Radegast Hall
    Blind Tiger
    Phoenix
    Hotel Chantelle
    The Levee


    MAIN MENU

Guide by Borough

New York’s boroughs are distinct, with individual
personalities, landmark buildings and plenty of Big
Apple charm. Whether you want to stroll through
Central Park in Manhattan, cheer on the Yankees in
the Bronx, climb aboard the Staten Island Ferry, sip
cocktails in Queens, or see art in Brooklyn, start the
adventure with our borough guide.

    Manhattan
    Bronx
    Brooklyn
    Staten Island
    Queens


   GUIDE BY BOROUGH

MANHATTAN

Forming the core of the Big Apple, Manhattan
in New York features exceptional museums, fine
dining, a remarkable skyline and several green
spaces, including Central Park. From the diverse
mix of neighbourhoods and shopping opportunities
to the bright lights of Broadway and Times Square,
Manhattan offers visitors an exciting medley.

    Attractions
    Must-See Shows
    Restaurants
    Museums
    Shopping
    Bars
    Nightclubs


    MANHATTAN

ATTRACTIONS

Explorers and experience junkies will simply love
New York. With its stellar shows, terrific tours, iconic
buildings and vibrant venues, plus a host of splendid
restaurants, it’s the greatest city in the world to
experience something new. Here are a few places
where you can revel in the magic of New York.

    Statue of Liberty
    Empire State Building
    Rockefeller Center
    Times Square
    Central Park


ATTRACTIONS

STATUE OF LIBERTY

The Statue of Liberty is the most famous
symbol of freedom and democracy in the
world. Standing tall on Liberty Island, the
statue watches over New York Harbour.
Designed by sculptor Fréderic Bartholdi and
engineer Gustave Eiffel, the statue was a gift
of friendship from France on the centenary
of American Independence in 1846.

This inspiring colossus is made from copper,
steel and iron, with a design that draws on
classical elements and iconography. The
statue’s design and construction made it
one of the 19th century’s greatest technical
achievements. Sightseers can visit the
statue’s crown and pedestal – the view of
the harbour from the crown is unbelievable.

Book Tickets Now

                 OPENING HOURS

Summer operating hours at the Statue of Liberty and Ellis
Island begin Memorial Day weekend. They are in operation
from late May until early September.

Catch a boat at 8:30am, any day of the week, from either
Battery Park in Lower Manhattan or Liberty State Park in
Jersey City, New Jersey.

Don’t miss the last boats back to NYC, departing at 6:45pm.

    CONTACT          Find Out More

Tel: 1-877-523-9849

Tel: 201-604-2800


ATTRACTIONS

EMPIRE STATE BUILDING

338-350 5th Avenue, New York,
NY 10118, USA

The Empire State Building truly reaches
for the skies with 102 storeys; it boasts
both a main deck on the 86th floor and a
top deck, which stands on the 102nd. Both
decks have observatories for you to take
in the views of the city skyline. In 1931,
President Hoover opened the building and
switched on its lights, and since 1976 the
lights have observed a tradition of changing
colour to acknowledge different events
and organisations throughout the year.
The museum features exhibitions such as
‘Dare to Dream’, which tells the story of this
immense building and pays tribute to the
brilliance of those involved in its creation.

Book Tickets Now

     TRANSPORT                         TIMES

Subway:                        Open every day:
Nearest Subways: 6 to 33rd     8:00am to 2:00am.
Street; B/D/F, Q, or 1/2/3 to  Including all holidays, 365
34th Street                    days a year, rain or shine

                               *The last elevator up is at
                               1:15AM.

                               Find Out More


ATTRACTIONS

ROCKEFELLER CENTER

338-350 5th Avenue, New York,
NY 10118, USA

Developed with the firm belief that art is
an act of good citizenship, the Rockefeller
Center is a major US landmark and a
cultural and commercial hub. Sculptures
and works of art recount the development of
human spirit, science and industry, while the
Radio City Music Hall offers performances
and tours. Visitors can also take in the
Rockefeller Center’s NBC Studios with an
entertaining behind-the-scenes tour, or see
a popular show here. Round off your visit
with a bite to eat in the Rockefeller Center
concourse — or refuel for action on the ice
rink! Top it all off by capturing the stellar view
from the observation deck on the 70th floor.

Book Tickets Now

     TRANSPORT               TICKET PRICES

Subway:                      Adult         $30.00
B D F M TRAINS:              Child (6-12)  $24.00
                             Senior (62+)  $28.00
Take the B, D, F, or M       Rock MoMA     $45.00
train to the 47-50th Street  Combo         $45.00
Rockefeller Center stop.     Sun & Stars   $36.00
                             (Adult)       $20.00
        CONTACT              Sun & Stars   $42.00
                             (Child)
     Tel : 212.332.6868      Rockefeller
                             Center Tour
    Find Out More            Rock Pass


ATTRACTIONS

TIMES SQUARE

Manhattan, NY 10036, United States

Visit Times Square, ‘The Crossroads of
the World’, and experience this iconic
New York City hub. Famed for its New
Year celebrations, Times Square in Mid
Manhattan is packed with attractions, shops
and places to eat and drink: Madame
Tussauds, Ripley’s Believe It or Not!,
Discovery Times Square and the Hard Rock
Café are all there waiting for you to drop
by. Dine out on Times Square’s famous
‘Restaurant Row’ before capturing blues,
jazz, cabaret and comedy at the various
clubs in Times Square, or a musical on
Broadway. Better yet, why not do it all?

Location

    CONTACT             Find Out More

Tel : (646) 663 – 5872


ATTRACTIONS

CENTRAL PARK

You’ve seen it in the movies, but the verdant
space of Central Park in Manhattan is even
more beautiful in real life. This carefully
conserved park of 843 acres features
fantastically green areas such as the Great
Lawn and the formal Conservatory Garden.
There are also lakes, ponds, pools, ravines
and even a loch! Seize the opportunity to zip
around on the Wollman Rink as well if you’re
there in the winter months. Fun sculptures
like Alice in Wonderland are dotted around
the park, while the Strawberry Fields John
Lennon memorial is an inspiring spot to wile
away an hour. Central Park radiates the
essence of the Big Apple!

Book a Tour

OPENING HOURS       Transport
                 Find Out More
 Daily: 6am-1am


TOURIST ATTRACTIONS

                     TRANSPORT

   Subway:
   Central Park is accessible by subway, with the
   A, B, C, D, and 1 trains stopping at Columbus

CCEirN(oTn RtheAsoLuthPwAesRt cKorner of the park)

   B and C local trains continuing along Central
   Park W, with stops at 72nd St, 81st St (under
   the Natural History Museum on the Upper
   West Side), 86th St, 96th St, 103rd St, and 110

YoSut’.ve seen it in the movies, but the verdant
smpoS(aerocxemperbeeowesfashC)ualtteiinffnuuetrslrthaitnerlarPrvweeaaelrsluktpl,iifnteBh.reMoTa1ahdn(iwlsohacacyata,lt)tarheanonfuudisgll2hye/3tvheant
coanvseenruveeadngplaerskfuorfth8e4r 3anadcfruertshefer atotuthreeswest
fannatotar1ts1ht0wicthaarSdllytfraognmrdeLeCenonluaomxrebAauvsse,Csnuire.cTahrhetahs2e/3nthoaerltshGoearsestoat pt
Lacwornnearnodf tthheepfaorrkm. al Conservatory Garden.
aTnhaOdecnrceeetvhsaeesrneUedpaabpllyesorotcaEhklaa!inskSgteeStshiizd,eeep4,ot,thnh5eed, aspon,apdrppko6ocolrailntnsue,nbsreiatayvloitnnogezsip
arLoeuxnindgotonn tAhvee WanodllwmaalkninRg i3nbkloacskswweellsitf. you’re
tlihkea5TettrhheA5eA7rliientvcheiestShaiatnenlasdWwno6dia0on6tntshtethdoSreAptm,rvoleaaon,nnnbdtdhtohaetashsN.rtne,oFeQpudaonroanttnhstdetechdRuesloapFliunrtttouehraurseeinnrasndt
thelimpitasrokf, twhehiplearkth. e Strawberry Fields John
Lennon memorial is an inspiring spot to wile
away an hour. CentCralol sPeark radiates the
essence of the Big Apple!

Book a Tour

OPENING HOURS           Transport
                     Find Out More
 Daily: 6am-1am


    MANHATTAN

MUST-SEE SHOWS

Broadway is an area in Manhattan that is also
known as the Theatre District. When people speak
of seeing a Broadway show, they are referring to a
production held in one of the district’s 40 theatres
seating 500 people each. While there are countless
shows to take in, some of Broadway’s finest include
The Lion King, Wicked and The Book of Mormon.

    The Lion King
    Wicked
    Book of Mormon
    Beautiful
    On Your Feet


MUST-SEE SHOWS

THE LION KING

Minskoff Theatre, 200 W 45th St
New York, NY

It is hard to imagine bigger names than
those involved in ‘The Lion King’, with
music by Sir Elton John, lyrics by Sir Tim
Rice and the score itself created by Hans
Zimmer. This long-running Broadway show
has impressed theatre buffs on stages
around the world. Today, the musical tours
different locales, but its city of origin and
theatre home is New York City. The story
of the young lion prince Simba has become
a family favourite and received critical
acclaim, evidenced by five Tony Awards and
several more nominations. See ‘The Lion
King’ in New York and savour this musical
masterpiece.

Book Tickets Now

      TRANSPORT                       CONTACT

Nearest Subway:                   Tel : 949-333-4001
The N, Q, R and W subway
lines; the 1, 2, 3 and 7 subway         TIMES
lines; and the B, V, F and D
subway lines will all take you   Vary. Typically:
to W 42 Street, a few streets    Sunday: 1.00pm & 6.00pm
down from the theatre.           Monday: No Shows
                                 Tuesday/Wed: 7.00pm
                                 Thurs/Fri: 8.00pm
                                 Saturday: 2.00pm & 8.00pm

                                 Find Out More


MUST-SEE SHOWS

WICKED

The Gershwin Theatre
222 W. 51st St. (btw. Broadway & 8th Ave.) New York City

Everyone grows up hearing the magical
story of the Wizard of Oz, but the musical
‘Wicked’ gives an alternate version of the
story for a captivating twist, telling the story
of the witches of Oz before Dorothy set
foot in the land. Showcased in the historic
Gershwin Theatre, which has been hosting
musicals for more than 20 years, ‘Wicked’
has won more than 100 international awards.
These include a Grammy and three Tony
Awards, while Entertainment Weekly has
referred to it as the Best Musical of the
Decade’ and The New York Times has
called it ‘Broadway’s biggest blockbuster’.
You don’t want to miss this!

Book Tickets Now

TRANSPORT                    TIMES

Nearest Subway:      Monday: No shows
C, E to 50th Street  Tuesday/Wed: 7.00pm
1, 9 to 50th Street  Thursday/Fri: 8.00pm
N, R to 49th Street  Saturday: 2.00pm & 8.00pm
                     Sunday: 2.00pm & 7.00pm

                     Find Out More


MUST-SEE SHOWS

BOOK OF MORMON

Eugene O’Neill Theatre
230 W. 49th St. New York, NY 10019

Playing in the Eugene O’Neill Theatre is ‘The
Book of Mormon’, a satirical musical about
two American Mormons who visit Uganda
to try to convert the natives. Created in part
by South Park writers Trey Stone and Matt
Parker, this show is a youthful, progressive
performance that bridges the gap between
pop culture and musical theatre. The
show has won 11 Tony Awards. Witty and
irreverent, ‘The Book of Mormon’ runs for
an enjoyable 2 hours 30 minutes with an
intermission and boasts an incredible script
and fantastic characters. The catchy tunes
will have you singing along in no time.

Book Tickets Now

      TRANSPORT                     CONTACT

Nearest Subway:                 Tel : (212) 239-6200
Lines 1 and 2 will take you to
West 50th Street, between 7th          TIMES
Avenue and Broadway, placing
you just round the corner from  Monday: No shows
the theatre.                    Tue/Wed/Thurs: 7.00pm
                                Fri: 8.00 pm
                                Sat.2.00pm and 8.00pm
                                Sun. 2.00pm and 7.00pm

                                Find Out More


MUST-SEE SHOWS

                                                    Blogger Recommended

BEAUTIFUL

Stephen Sondheim Theatre
124 West 43rd Street, New York, NY 10036

Timeless tunes will keep your feet tapping
and voice humming when you see
‘Beautiful’, the delightful, Grammy Award-
winning musical based on the true-life story
of singer/songwriter Carole King. Just like
her career, this inspiring show is brimming
with hits, but it’s this girl’s mythical voice that
transports her to stardom as she shapes a
generation. Sung with passion and emotion,
iconic songs you’ll hear include ‘It’s Too
Late,’ ‘One Fine Day’ and ‘You’ve Got a
Friend’, plus covers of classic songs such
as ‘On Broadway’ and ‘Up on the Roof’.
‘Beautiful’ is simply the perfect way to
describe this show.

Book Tickets Now

      TRANSPORT                      CONTACT

Nearest Subway:                  Tel : (212) 239-6200
Take the B, D, F, M to 42nd
Street and 5th Avenue, the 7 or         TIMES
S to Times Square, or the 1, 2
or 3 to 42nd and 7th Avenue.     Box Office:
                                 Mon-Sat 10.00 - 8.00pm
Bus:                             Sun 12.00 - 6.00pm
Take the M6, M7, M10 or M20
                                  Find Out More


MUST-SEE SHOWS

                                                    Blogger Recommended

ON YOUR FEET

46th Street between Broadway & 8th Avenue
New York, NY 10036

We all remember dance numbers from
the 1980s such as ‘Conga’ and “Rhythm
is Gonna Get You’ performed by the
Miami Sound Machine. This new musical,
scheduled to begin previews October 5
at the Marquis Theater, explores the lives
and relationship of Cuban power couple
Gloria and Emilio Estefan, who have won
26 Grammy Awards between them. The
show celebrates the incredible legacy of two
gifted people with powerful vision and long-
lasting love, as they become international
superstars. ‘On Your Feet’ is sure to lift
spirits and bring back nostalgic memories
simultaneously.

Book Tickets Now

     TRANSPORT                    CONTACT

Nearest Subway:               Tel : (212) 840-5577
Take the B, D, F or M to W
48th Street and 6th Avenue     Find Out More

Bus:
Take the M7 to W 47th Street
with 7th Avenue


    MANHATTAN

RESTAURANTS

In New York you can find anything from small unique
eateries in Chelsea Market to upscale celebrity
chef-owned restaurants all just within blocks of each
other. Daniel, Luka and Budakkan are just some
of the best places to eat in the city, providing the
magical cuisine and dining experiences that New
York restaurants offer.

    Daniel
    Luka
    Budakkan
    BKB
    Buvette


RESTAURANTS

DANIEL

60 E. 65th St., New York City, NY 10065
(Park Avenue)

Offering contemporary French cuisine, this
flagship restaurant created by Daniel Boulud
is the ultimate in sophistication, with a dress
code of elegant or business attire. You can
feast on innovative cuisine and choose from
an extensive wine list while taking in the neo
classical architecture of the restaurant. You
can sip on a King Louie cocktail or other
creative cocktails in the bar and lounge
before sitting down to your meal. This double
Michelin-starred restaurant also features a
highly exclusive dining area, the Skybox,
which allows the guests to watch the chefs
in action while they prepare the food.

Book a Table

 OPENING HOURS                     CONTACT

Dinner:                         Tel : 212 288-0033
Mon-Sat 5.30 -10.30 pm
                                Find Out More
Bar and Lounge:
Mon-Sat 5.30 pm-11.00 pm

    TRANSPORT

Subway:
Take the F train to Lexington
Avenue/E 63rd Street. The
restaurant is just two streets
away.


RESTAURANTS

LUKA

Grand Street
10002, New York, NY

Luka isn’t just about serving fantastic food:
it’s also about enjoying fabulous company.
Socialising is a big part of the Luka dining
experience, so if you like to meet new
people, you’ll love Luka. Sit down at a
communal table with other diners and the
chef will give you a warm welcome.Guest
chefs carefully prepare your meal, pairing
it with the best drinks and a little New York
flair. You should book at least 48 hours in
advance to dine at this friendly restaurant.
Eat at Luka and leave New York with an
even larger circle of friends!

Book a Table

OPENING HOURS                  CONTACT

Monday : 19:00 - 23:30    Tel : (646) 663 – 5872
Tuesay: 19:00 – 23:30
Wednesday: 19:00 - 23:30    DRESS CODE
Thursday: 19:00 - 23:30
Friday: 19:00 - 23:30         Smart - casual
Weekend: 12:00 - 23:30
                            Find Out More


RESTAURANTS

BUDAKKAN

Chelsea Market, 75 Ninth Ave, New York,
NY 10011, United States

Enter Buddakan and the first thing you
notice is that this restaurant, which serves
modern Asian cuisine, oozes style: the art on
the walls, elegant red and turquoise seating,
brown tables and a series of ornaments all
work together for a chic feel. This matches
the dress code of ‘Downtown chic, fun, hip’,
as the restaurant describes it!

As well as fun dishes like Mao Poe Tofu
and Mongolian lamb chops, order speciality
cocktails. These blend ingredients such as
cucumber, chilli, basil and watermelon for a
unique but refreshing taste that dances on
the palate.

Book a Table

OPENING HOURS             CONTACT

Daily: 5.30pm – 1am  Tel : +1 212-989-6699

                       DRESS CODE

                         Smart - casual

                     Find Out More


RESTAURANTS

                                                    Blogger Recommended

BKB

99 Gansevoort Street, New York, NY 10014

This is my current favorite seafood
restaurant in NYC. They serve the best
cocktails around, crisp to perfection and
super refreshing. The food is off the scale!
My favorite plate and top recommendation
at BKB is the aged sirloin cooked medium,
served with black pepper, aromatic rub &
crispy lemon potatoes. If I’m in a party mood
I like to pair it with El Catrin cocktail. They
have an amazing double happy hour special
every day from 5-7pm

Book a Table

OPENING HOURS       Find Out More

Monday - Saturday:
5:00pm - 11:00pm

*Closed on Sundays


RESTAURANTS

                                                    Blogger Recommended

BUVETTE

Located on 42 Grove st, New York, NY 10014

Buvette is a charming little French restaurant
serving small plates of rustic French food
in the West Village. Part restaurant, part
bar, part cafe they have something to offer
everyone and being French they have a
great variety of wines to choose from. They
serve great brunches as well as my ‘off
the menu’ favorite Brandade de Morue au
Gratin, in other words Salted cod gratin
served with warm crostini. If you are in a
hurry just pop in for an espresso and enjoy
the casual and relaxed vibe.

Book a Table

OPENING HOURS    Find Out More

Open Daily:
8:00am - 2:00am


    MANHATTAN

MUSEUMS

Travel back in time in the city that never sleeps. New
York is home to some of the world’s best museums
and travellers come from alll over the world to walk
their hallowed halls. From natural history to art,
music and fashion the Big Apple is big on museums.

    Natural History
    Whitney -American Art
    Metropolitan -Art
    Morgan Library
    Museum of NYC


MUSEUMS

AMERICAN MUSEUM OF
NATURAL HISTORY

Central Park West at 79th Street, NY 10024-5192

Located at Central Park West and 79th
Street in New York City, the New York
American Museum of Natural History
comprises 27 interconnected buildings that
store one of the largest history collections
in the world. Permanent and travelling
exhibits include astronomy, space, oceans,
animals and much more. You can learn
about anatomy, metamorphosis and ecology
at the museum’s popular annual butterfly
exhibit. Movie buffs will enjoy the ‘Night
at the Museum’ tour, which will take you
past familiar exhibits and scenes from the
comedy. The New York American Museum
of Natural History can be accessed by
subway, bus or car.

Book Tickets Now

  OPENING HOURS                  CONTACT

Open daily : 10 am - 5:45 pm  Tel : 212-769-5100

Except on Thanksgiving and    Find Out More
Christmas

                              Transport


MUSEUMS

                     TRANSPORT

AMSEubRwaIyC: AN MUSEUM OF
      Take the B (weekdays only) or C to 81st Street.

NATURAL HISTORYTwo blocks west of the Museum, the 1 train

CentsrtaolpPs aatrkBrWoaedswtaayta7n9dthWSesttre7e9tth, NStYre1et0. 0F2or4a-5192

      full size subway map, follow this link to go to the
      Metropolitan Transit Authority Web site.

LocacPotLenEsdAtrSuacEttiNoCnOeoTnnEt:trhFaeol rMPtahanerhdkauttrWaantieoBnsritodfgatehnetdhe7B9th
StreseutbiwnayNlienewwYillonrokt oCpeitryat,etohnethNeeUwppeYroWrkest
AmeSnroiidtcebaednuarfiMfnegcutteshdeedwuuemreinkgoenvfdisNsit.oaWrthueoeruakrdlsa,Hybiusset trtohviercyeBwtriallin
comwpilrlissteopsru2n7niningtweercekonnignhetscotnetdhebUupilpdeirnWgesstthat
storeSidoenaet 1o0f:4t5hpem.largest history collections
in the world. Permanent and travelling
exhibits include astronomy, space, oceans,
animals and much mColores.eYou can learn
about anatomy, metamorphosis and ecology
at the museum’s popular annual butterfly
exhibit. Movie buffs will enjoy the ‘Night
at the Museum’ tour, which will take you
past familiar exhibits and scenes from the
comedy. The New York American Museum
of Natural History can be accessed by
subway, bus or car.

Book Tickets Now

  OPENING HOURS                  CONTACT

Open daily : 10 am - 5:45 pm  Tel : 212-769-5100

Except on Thanksgiving and    Find Out More
Christmas

                              Transport


MUSEUMS

WHITNEY MUSEUM OF
AMERICAN ART

99 Gansevoort Street, New York, NY 10014

The New York Whitney Museum of
American Art opened in 1932. Recognising
some of the problems American artists
faced exhibiting and selling their work, the
sculptor and founder, Gertrude Vanderbilt
Whitney, set up the museum to showcase
exclusively American art. There are more
than 21,000 pieces in the museum’s
collection. Contemporary art, performance
art, music and film all feature among the
variety of exhibitions at the museum.
The Biennial is the museum’s signature
exhibition, is continuous and surveys
recent developments in American art. The
museum’s outdoor walkways, rooftop cafe
and observation decks provide you with a
great vantage point to admire the views of
the city.

Book Tickets Now

  OPENING HOURS                     CONTACT

Opening Times :                  Tel : 212 570-3600
Mon: 10.30 am – 6.00 pm
Tues: Closed                     TICKETS
Wed: 10.30 am–6.00 pm
Thur–Sat: 10.30am–10.00pm        Adult     $22.00
Sun: 10.30 am–6.00 pm            Senior    $18.00
                                 Student   $18.00
      TRANSPORT                  Under 18  $ 0.00

Subway:                          Find Out More
The closest lines are the A, C,
E, and L at 14th Street


    MUSEUMS

METROPOLITAN MUSEUM
OF ART

The Metropolitan Museum of Art, known
locally as The Met, houses one of the
world’s largest art collections. Exhibits
include antique silver and jade collections,
photography, sculpture, Chinese tapestries
and American quilts as well as art from
Egypt, medieval Europe, Africa and ancient
Greece. The museum offers tours for adults,
kids, teens and students. The New York
Metropolitan Museum of Art is an extensive
building, so plan for several days to explore
it all. Take a guided tour or use a mobile
device for self-guided touring apps. The Met
is open every day, so just relax and enjoy
the exhibits.

                 Book Tickets Now

                                      Find Out More


MUSEUMS

                                                    Blogger Recommended

THE MORGAN LIBRARY
AND MUSEUM

225 Madison Avenue at 36th Street,
New York, New York 10016

It is perhaps the love that people have
for books that the Morgan Library and
Museum could be considered integral to
not only preserving New York’s history,
but also ensuring its future. Located in
midtown Manhattan, this museum is home
to one of the world’s greatest collections
of artistic, literary and musical works,
ranging from ancient times to the present
day. Both permanent and rotating exhibits
are on display, and Mr. Morgan’s gorgeous
collection is a must-see for both tourists and
locals alike.

Book Tickets Now

  OPENING HOURS                      CONTACT

Opening Times :                   Tel : 212 685-0008
Tue - Thur 10.30 am - 5.00 pm
Fri. 10.30 am - 9.00 pm           Find Out More
(Free admission Fridays 7.00
pm - 9.00 pm)
Sat. 10.00 am - 6.00 pm
Sun. 11.00 am - 6.00 pm

     TRANSPORT

Subway:
Take the line 6 to 33rd Street,
or 4, 5, 6 or 7 to Grand Central

Bus:
Take the BxM10 to Madison
Avenue / E 37 Street


MUSEUMS

                                                    Blogger Recommended

MUSEUM OF THE CITY
OF NEW YORK

1220 Fifth Avenue (at 103rd Street)
New York, New York 10029

The large, elegant, colonial revival mansion
that houses the Museum of the City of
New York looks like a private home from
the Gilded Age and represents the ultimate
essence of New York style — classical on
the outside, but modern and ready on the
inside — for a diverse series of exhibits.
This is a museum whose holdings are
fluid, where new exhibitions about NYC
continuously enter and exit, appropriately
mirroring the important city outside while
honouring the diversity of New York, the
city’s continuous transformation and fast-
paced mode of living.

Book Tickets Now

  OPENING HOURS                    CONTACT

Opening Times :                 Tel : 212-534-1672
Mon-Sun 10.00 am - 6.00 pm

     TRANSPORT                  Find Out More

Subway:
Take the 4 or 6 to Lexington
Avenue with E 110 Street

Bus:
Take the M1, M2, M3 or M4 to
E 104th Street with 5th Avenue


    MANHATTAN

SHOPPING

New York presents a mighty variety of shopping
options. Choosing select destinations helps you
get more out of your New York City shopping
adventure. Whether you’re looking for upscale
denim, classic brands or avant-garde fashion, some
of the best choices include Brooklyn Industries, the
International Playground and 3 X 1.

    International Playground
    3x1
    Upper West Flea Market
    MoMA Design Store
    Century 21


SHOPPING

INTERNATIONAL
PLAYGROUND

463 Broome St.Between Mercer & Greene
New York, NY 10013

In Soho, fashion lovers can find International
Playground amid the sea of flagship stores
located there. This boutique focuses on
niche fashions and European designs that
have a dedicated following. Displayed on
top of pristine white marble, you’ll see such
brands as Heaven, a natural skincare line
believed to be Kate Middleton’s favourite.
You’ll also come across H. Fredriksson’s silk-
printed dresses and chest plates as well as
cage pieces by Chromat, which A-listers like
Madonna and Beyoncé have famously worn
during their musical performances. There
are so many one-of-a-kind design options
that a trip to International Playground could
take hours.

Playground Blog

  OPENING HOURS                  CONTACT

Open all week :              Tel : (212) 228 2700
Mon - Sat: 11.00am - 7.00pm
Sunday: 12.00pm - 7.00pm      Find Out More

     TRANSPORT

Subway:
4 and 6 to Spring St


SHOPPING

3x1

15 Mercer St New York,
NY 10013, USA

Heading to New York 3 X 1, located in the
heart of Soho at 15 Mercer is a true fashion
and shopping experience. The store features
a glass-enclosed factory that custom-makes
jeans for both women and men. You can
watch the action as the jeans are created
before your eyes. The store uses the best
in top-quality and rare denims and sells
bespoke jeans for people who want a little
extra pizazz. The company has the most
extensive collection of selvedge denim
worldwide. Shop in New York City and bring
home fashion straight from the Big Apple’s
most creative minds.

          3x1 Blog

  OPENING HOURS                 CONTACT

Open all week :              Tel : 212-391-6969
Mon - Sat: 11.00am - 7.00pm
Sunday: 12.00pm - 6.00pm     Find Out More

     TRANSPORT

Subway:
N/Q/R, J, 6 to Canal St


SHOPPING

                                                    Blogger Recommended

UPPER WEST SIDE
FLEA MARKET

Address: 100 West 77th Street, New York, NY

Every Sunday from 10:00am to 5:30pm
local food, vintage and antique vendors
set up their tables at PS452 on 77th and
Columbus in the Upper West Side. It’s a
unique opportunity to wander the halls of a
New York City public school and get your
shopping fix at the same time. Money raised
from the flea market is used by local parents
to provide enrichment opportunities for
neighbornhood schools.

          Location

 OPENING HOURS            Find Out More

Sunday: 10.00am - 5.30pm


SHOPPING

                                                    Blogger Recommended

MOMA DESIGN STORE

81 Spring Street, New York, NY

The MoMa Design Store, an extension
of the New York Museum of Modern
Art, challenges you to “Live artfully!” by
incorporating good design into all aspects
of your space. In addition to the prints and
books you’d expect from a museum store,
they offer a carefully curated selection of
contemporary, functional clothes and objects
for your everyday life. This is a great place to
buy a souvenir on your trip.

          What’s On?

 OPENING HOURS            Find Out More

Sunday: 11.00am - 7.00pm


SHOPPING

CENTURY 21

22 Cortlandt St btwn
Church St & Broadway

Fashionistas come to Century 21 for
designer apparel up to 65 per cent off
retail. Versace, Rachel Zoe and Transit are
just some of the big names on offer at this
premium yet affordably priced department
store. Head to downtown New York or visit
the Brooklyn location for deals on everything
from dresses to heels. Century 21 also
has deals on men’s and children’s clothing,
and on beauty products, home decor and
gadgets. Whether it’s a Gucci handbag or
Ivanka Trump boots, you won’t be able to
resist the large inventory and deals in the
New York Century 21 stores.

          Visit Store

 OPENING HOURS                       CONTACT

Mon-Wed: 7:45am-9pm               Tel: 877-350-2121
(9:30pm on Wed)
Thu & Fri: 7.45am - 9.30pm        Find Out More
Sat: 10.00am - 9.00pm
Sun: 11.00am - 8.00pm

     TRANSPORT

Subway:
A/C, J/Z, 2/3, 4/5 to Fulton St,
N/R to Cortlandt St


    MANHATTAN

NIGHTCLUBS

Renowned as the city that never sleeps, it should
come as no surprise that New York boasts some of
the best nightlife venues on the planet. Read about
some of the finest clubs in New York in this section,
which have that big city vibe as well as drinks,
dancing and music.

    Le Bain
    Pacha
    Marqee
    Lavo NYC


NIGHTCLUBS

LE BAIN

848 Washington at 13th Street
New York 10014

In the heart of the trending Meatpacking
District is Le Bain, a nightclub at the top
of the Standard Hotel. The club offers an
amazing city view which you can appreciate
through enormous glass windows. At night,
the city lights up in a spectacular display that
serves as the backdrop to the excitement
in the club. With international-class DJs, a
summer rooftop and refreshing drinks, Le
Bain meets all expectations.

What’s on the Menu

  OPENING HOURS                   CONTACT

Monday: 4.00pm - 12.00am       Tel: 212-645-7600
Tue - Thurs 4.00pm - 4.00am
Fri - Sat: 2.00pm - 4.00am     Find Out More
Sunday: 2.00pm - 3.00am

     TRANSPORT

Subway:
Take the A, C, E at 14th St.


NIGHTCLUBS

PACHA

Pacha New York 618 W.46th Street
New York, NY 10036

Serious nightlife aficionados might recognise
the name Pacha from travels to Ibiza. The
New York Pacha is owned and operated
by the same group, and it shares the
hedonistic, party-until-dawn vibe that has
made Ibiza famous. Pacha is an enormous
venue that boasts more than 30,000 square
feet and four distinct levels, each with their
own special character and décor. LED walls
and interactive screens add that incredible
Ibiza spirit to the rooms. Events are held
frequently at the club. Sign up in advance
to get on the guest list, or pay extra for VIP
entry and a set number of drinks throughout
the night.

Book Tickets Now

  OPENING HOURS                    CONTACT

Monday: 4.00pm - 12.00am       Tel: (212) 209-7500
Tue - Thurs 4.00pm - 4.00am
Fri - Sat: 2.00pm - 4.00am     Find Out More
Sunday: 2.00pm - 3.00am

     TRANSPORT

Subway:
Take the A, C, E at 42nd St.-
Port Authority Bus Terminal


NIGHTCLUBS

MARQEE

Marquee New York
289 10th Ave, New York, NY 10001

The New York nightclub Marquee is iconic
and undergoes a Renaissance every few
years to remain one of the Big Apple’s top
nightlife spots. High ceilings and screens
surround the main dance floors, and top acts
from around the world are often found on
the events calendar. Getting entry at New
York Marquee is an efficient process. There
are three queues: one for people who have
bought tickets in advance, one for those
without tickets hoping for general admission
and one for those planning on reserving
table service for the night. The dress code
is ‘upscale and trendy’, so dress to impress
and be ready to dance.

Book Tickets Now

    OPENING HOURS                    CONTACT

Wed, Fri & Sat: 11.00pm - 4.00am  Tel: 646-473-0202

       TRANSPORT                  Find Out More

Subway:
Take the C, E at 23rd St.


NIGHTCLUBS

                                                    Blogger Recommended

LAVO NYC

39 E 58th St, New York, NY 10022

Get your best outfit on and be prepared for
some photo ops (since you might run into
a few celebrities) Lavo NYC in the midtown
east neighborhood. The interior is classy
and the space itself is beautiful, upscale and
very chic, with several crystal chandeliers.
The tables are large, (at least 6 to 10 people
can fit) and all face the DJ booth, providing
a great view of the music set. The VIP tables
have cool hidden storage for ladies to put
away their clutches. And the music itself is
diverse: rap, house and even remixes of old
hits —they play it all!

Lavo NYC Blog

  OPENING HOURS                    CONTACT

Restaurant:                     Tel: 212 584 2700
Mon - Wed: 11.00am - 12.00am
Thur - Sun: 11.30am - 1.00am    Find Out More
Nightclub:
Thur - Sat: 11.00pm - 4.00am

     TRANSPORT

Subway:
Take the N, Q, R , or 4, 5, 6
lines to Lexington Avenue / 59
Street

Bus:
Take the M1, M2, M3 or M4


    MANHATTAN

BARS

Whether you like an ice cold beer or a singapore
sling New York is buzzing with bars of all shapes
and sizes. We’ve put together a selection of bars
that will give you a true taste of NYC pub scene. Get
ready for ambience and style in abundance.

    Dive Bar
    Hotel Chantelle
    Blind Tiger
    Loopy Doopy
    Upstairs NYC
    230 Fifth


BEST BARS

DIVE BAR

1) 101 W 75th Street NYC 75th and Columbus
2) 732 Amsterdam Ave NYC 96th and Amsterdam
3) 2662 Broadway NYC 101st and Broadway

The pulse of the Dive Bar beats with the
classic vibe of a New York neighbourhood
bar. The bar offers a constantly changing
selection of beers so that you never have to
drink the same type twice. People can pair
their beer of choice with an appetizer or full
meal from the bar’s food menu. Why not try
some of the quirkily named sandwiches on
the menu, such as the ‘Ultimate Seinfeld
Sandwich’, at the 96th and Amsterdam
location. Events are scheduled nightly for
constant entertainment. Depending on which
evening you visit, you might enjoy sports,
trivia or live music.

What’s on the Menu

  OPENING HOURS                    CONTACT

75th and Columbus:            1) Tel: 212-362-7518
Mon - Thur: 12.00pm - 4.00am  2) Tel: (212) 749-4358
                              3) Tel: 212- 865-2662
96th and Amsterdam:
Sun - Mon: 11.30am - 4.00am     Find Out More

101st and Broadway:
Sun-Mon: 12.00pm - 4.00am


BEST BARS

                                                    Blogger Recommended

HOTEL CHANTELLE

92 Ludlow St, New York, NY 10002

Head to Hotel Chantelle for a rooftop bar
during the day and 3 bars during the evening
on Friday’s and Saturday’s. Hotel Chantelle
offers French flare with occasional live
jazz music and brings together a mixture
of lounge bar chic and high tempo dance
space. Whether you like a laidback vibe or
the latest modern pop music there is always
something to please the crowd at this lively
venue. Enjoy some fresh air on the roof
terrace and a boozy brunch on Saturday
mornings.

           Visit Now

  OPENING HOURS                  CONTACT

7 Days a Week:               Tel: (212) 254-9100
Dinner: Tuesday-Saturday
5:00pm-11:00pm               Find Out More
Brunch:
Saturday - 10:00am – 5:00pm
Sunday - 11:00am – 5:00pm

Happy hour:
Tues-Fri - 5:00pm - 8:00pm
Late night:
Thurs - 11:00pm - 4:00am
Friday - 11:00pm - 4:00am
Saturday - 11:00pm - 4:00am


BEST BARS

BLIND TIGER

281 Bleecker St, New York, NY 10014

Not for the typical beer consumer, Blind
Tiger is where you go when you love your
beer and already know what suits your
taste buds. This fantastic bar has achieved
legendary status and everyone in New York
loves Blind Tiger. It’s best to try their diverse
selection of draft beers mid-day before
everyone else gets out of work. Otherwise
be prepared to see what a really packed bar
in New York is like! And if you like cheese,
you’ll love Blind Tiger. Every Wednesday at
6.00 pm they put out cheese for guests to
enjoy free!

           Visit Now

  OPENING HOURS                    CONTACT

7 Days a Week:                  Tel: 212-462-4682
Mon-Sun: 11.30am - 4.00am
                                Find Out More
     TRANSPORT

Subway:
Take the 1 or 2 to Christopher
Street with Sheridan Square

Bus:
Take the M20 to Bleecker St
with Barrow Street


BEST BARS

LOOPY DOOPY

102 North End Avenue, New York, NY 10282
Top Floor | Conrad New York

On the 16th floor of the Conrad Hotel in
New York, the Loopy Doopy Rooftop Bar
offers delicious views of the Statue of Liberty
and alcoholic ice pops. While you’re there
you should try the Topsy Turvy, a lime and
coconut cocktail which evokes a tropical
paradise. You can also socialise with food
platters as the Hudson River flows behind
you. The olives, marinated mushrooms
and freshly made hummus in the Mezze
Platter work splendidly with wine. The Loopy
Doopy’s Lychee Rose Sangria brings an
innovative twist to the classic cocktail that
can be enjoyed in beautiful tandem with the
view.

What’s on the Menu

  OPENING HOURS                 CONTACT

Mon-Thur: 4.00pm - 12.00am  Tel: (646) 769-4250
Fri-Sat: 12.00pm - 1.00am
Sun: 12.00pm - 12.00am      Find Out More


BEST BARS

UPSTAIRS NYC

Penthouse Level 145 East 50th Street
New York City

Sitting 30 storeys above midtown
Manhattan, the Upstairs NYC rooftop
bar provides 3,000 square feet of space,
allowing guests to party atop the Kimberly
Hotel. This bar is sophisticated and fun, with
retractable walls, 360 degree panoramic
views and cocktails that appeal to even the
most discerning of tastes. The neo-Gothic,
Art Deco flair couples with unparalleled
views of the famous Chrysler Building. You
can enjoy cocktails and conversation while
nibbling on the bar’s small plate offerings.
Don your best attire and try The Chrysler, a
signature drink that blends honey, Hennessy
and champagne for a luxurious New York
experience.

           Visit Now

  OPENING HOURS                      CONTACT

Monday: 5.00pm - 12.00am          Tel: 212 702 1600
Tue-Wed: 5.00pm - 1.00am
Thur-Fri: 5.00pm - 2.00am         Find Out More
Saturday:
Brunch: 12.00pm - 4.00pm
Upstairs opens: 4.00pm - 2.00am
Sunday:
Brunch: 12.00pm - 4.00pm
Upstairs opens: 4.00pm - 11.00pm

      TRANSPORT

Subway:
Lexington Av/53 St, 59 St,
5 Av/59 St


BEST BARS

                                                    Blogger Recommended

230 FIFTH

230 5th Ave, New York, NY 10001, United States

Located on 27th Street cornering with 5th
Avenue, the New York rooftop bar 230
FIFTH gifts you with views of the Manhattan
skyline. With an indoor and outdoor space
it’s perfect all year round for a visit. Try
their famous mojitos during the summer —
even the mint leaves they use are grown
organically on site! During the chilly days
of fall/winter, you can still access the roof.
They have comfy, red robes available on
loan! Sit in heated areas and enjoy their
hot chocolate. You have the Empire State
Building as your backdrop, so don’t forget to
take a selfie!

           What’s on?

 OPENING HOURS                 CONTACT

Mon-Fri: 4.00pm - 4.00am   Tel: +1 212-725-4300
Sat-Sun: 10.00am - 4.00am
                            Find Out More


   GUIDE BY BOROUGH

BRONX

Known as the birthplace of hip-hop, the Bronx New
York is located on the northern end of Manhattan
Island. The borough plays host to a vibrant mix of
international cuisine, a world-famous zoo and one
of the most storied teams in baseball: the New
York Yankees, whose stadium is as famous as the
players.

    Bars


       BRONX

BARS

Whether you like an ice cold beer or a singapore
sling New York is buzzing with bars of all shapes
and sizes. We’ve put together a selection of bars
that will give you a true taste of NYC pub scene. Get
ready for ambience and style in abundance.

    Gunhill Brewery


BARS

GUNHILL BREWERY

3227 Laconia Ave. Bronx, N.Y. 10469

Set within the Bronx, Gun Hill brought
local brewing back to the borough. It is
designated as a farm beer making company
because it sources many ingredients locally.
Named after the mound where colonists
stored weapons and ammunition during the
American Revolution, this microbrewery
produces a range of ales, stouts and
seasonal beers. The brewery’s public tasting
room serves hand-crafted beers on tap
and from the bottle. Hop on the 2, 5 or 6
trains to have a taste - perfect for the beer
enthusiasts visiting NYC!

      What’s on the Menu

  OPENING HOURS                CONTACT

7 Days a Week:              Tel: (718) 881-0010
Mon - Wed: 2:30pm - 9:00pm
Thurs: 1:00pm - 9:00pm      Find Out More
Fri: 1:00pm - 11:00pm
Sat: 12:00pm - 11:00pm
Sun: 12:00pm - 9:00pm


  GUIDE BY BOROUGH

BROOKLYN

Lending its name to the iconic bridge, Brooklyn
boasts Prospect Park, Nets basketball and Islanders
hockey. As the most populous borough, Brooklyn
New York neighbourhoods like Brighton Beach,
Coney Island and Williamsburg are bursting with
character. Find architectural gems, a culturally
diverse live music scene and trendy eateries.

    Attractions
    Restaurants
    Shopping
    Things to do
    Bars
    Nightclubs


    BROOKLYN

ATTRACTIONS

Explorers and experience junkies will simply love
New York. With its stellar shows, terrific tours, iconic
buildings and vibrant venues, plus a host of splendid
restaurants, it’s the greatest city in the world to
experience something new. Here are a few places
where you can revel in the magic of New York.

    Brooklyn Bridge
    Please Touch the Art
    Street Art Walk


ATTRACTIONS

WALK THE BROOKLYN
BRIDGE

Brooklyn and the Bronx contain their own
roster of exciting attractions. Brooklyn lends
its name to the famous bridge that spans
the East River. Visitors can enjoy scenic
views of the Manhattan skyline and the
Statue of Liberty in the distance as they
walk the Brooklyn Bridge in New York.
It’s recommended to start the crossing
from a small park near the city’s Municipal
Building. The midway point is an ideal venue
for taking pictures, or watching boats and
helicopters. When exiting the historic bridge,
look out for the sign indicating DUMBO,
or Down Under the Manhattan Bridge
Overpass.

Brooklyn Bridge Blog

LOCATION                       WHEN

Pedestrian/ bicycle access     Best at nighttime for full
from either Tillary/Adams      views of the NY skyline lights
Streets or a staircase on
Prospect Street                     Find Out More

Manhattan:
pedestrian walkway accessible
end of Centre Street, or
through the unpaid south
staircase of Brooklyn Bridge


     ATTRACTIONS

PLEASE TOUCH THE ART
BY JEPPE HEIN

Pier 1 at Brooklyn Bridge Park

Jeppe Hein’s three-piece installation in
Brooklyn Bridge Park is a unique experience.
Walk through the “walls of water” Appearing
Rooms, a series of choreographed jet
sprays before entering the Mirror Labyrinth,
a stainless steel display that echoes the
Manhattan skyline across the river. Finally
make your way through a series of sixteen
Social Benches that encourage interaction
with fellow New Yorkers. All this fabulous
public art is in an ideal spot totake in the
atmospheric Manhattan skyline, directly over
the East River.

       Download Scavenge Hunt Guide

                                      Find Out More


ATTRACTIONS

                                                    Blogger Recommended

STREET ART WALK

Location is given after booking.

The beautiful thing about street art in NYC
is that it’s constantly evolving and changing.
What may appear today can easily be
gone by tomorrow, so it’s all about taking
advantage of the moment with frequent
neighborhood strolls to catch the latest
murals and installations. There are no
better people to show you the latest and
greatest than the tour guides of Street Art
Walk, who will guide you through Bushwick
and Williamsburg, Brooklyn neighborhoods
famous for their wall murals and graffiti.

Book a Tour

OPENING HOURS              TICKETS

  Saturday & Sunday :       Single - $25
  11:30am and 2:30pm
                       Find Out More


    BROOKLYN

RESTAURANTS

In New York you can find anything from small unique
eateries in Chelsea Market to upscale celebrity
chef-owned restaurants all just within blocks of each
other. Daniel, Luka and Budakkan are just some
of the best places to eat in the city, providing the
magical cuisine and dining experiences that New
York restaurants offer.

    The River Cafe
    Ample Hills Creamery


RESTAURANTS

THE RIVER CAFE

Water Street between the Brooklyn Bridgeand
West Cadman Plaz

Nestled underneath the network of ramps
on the Brooklyn side of the East River,The
River Café New York features a menu of
gastronomic delights. Its setting along the
Brooklyn docks offers patrons marvellous
views of the Manhattan skyline as they dine
on culinary creations from renowned chefs.
The award-winning River Café is located on
Water Street between the Brooklyn Bridge
and West Cadman Plaza. Patrons can
enjoy lunch and leisurely Sunday brunch
in the outdoor seating area. Known as the
birthplace of the term ‘free-range chicken,’
the restaurant is a favourite destination for
environmental enthusiasts from around the
world.

What’s on the Menu

  OPENING HOURS                               CONTACT

Open Daily:                              Tel : +1 212-989-6699
Reservations essential
                                           Find Out More
     DRESS CODE

After 5:00 p.m. each day, jackets
are required for gentlemen in the
Main Dining Room and the Bar.

Appropriate clothing and footwear
are required in all areas at all times.


RESTAURANTS

                                                    Blogger Recommended

AMPLE HILLS CREAMERY

305 Nevins street, Brooklyn, NY 11215

This is not your typical ice cream shop.
I visited this shop a few weeks ago and
couldn’t get enough of it! The shop has a
nice play area for kids, a rooftop lounging
area where you can hang with friends late
at night, eating ice cream and gazing at the
stars. The ice cream flavors are all unique
and made right on the premises. They have
a glass window where you can see how the
process works for yourself. Treat yourself!

What’s on the Menu

OPENING HOURS         CONTACT

Open Daily:          SEND EMAIL
12:00pm - 12:00am
                   Find Out More


    BROOKLYN

SHOPPING

New York presents a mighty variety of shopping
options. Choosing select destinations helps you
get more out of your New York City shopping
adventure. Whether you’re looking for upscale
denim, classic brands or avant-garde fashion, some
of the best choices include Brooklyn Industries, the
International Playground and 3 X 1.

    Brooklyn Industries
    L-Train Vintage
    Brooklyn Flea Market


SHOPPING

BROOKLYN INDUSTRIES

290 Lafayette St, New York,
NY 10012, USA

Brooklyn Industries is a terrific place to
shop. The company was founded in the mid-
1990s by two artists who wanted to be able
to live, work and create with freedom. They
started their company by making bags out
of recycled material from billboards. Today,
the retail locations are dotted throughout
Brooklyn, Manhattan and Chelsea. The
stores offer cutting-edge designs, many
using superb, high-level art and recycled
materials, and fashions are available for both
men and women. A variety of bags, jewellery
and other accessories is also offered. The
company is very environmentally conscious
and powers its stores using wind energy.

Brooklyn Industries Blog

  OPENING HOURS                      CONTACT

Open all week :                 Tel : +1 212 219 0862
Sun - Thur: 11.00 am - 8.00 pm
Fri - Sat: 11.00 am - 9.00 pm     Find Out More

     TRANSPORT

Subway:
B, D, F, V to Broadway-
Lafayette St


SHOPPING

                                                    Blogger Recommended

L-TRAIN VINTAGE

1377 Dekalb Ave, Brooklyn, NY

L-Train Vintage—named for the Brooklyn to
Manhattan subway line—started out as a
humble vintage shop in Williamsburg and
has since taken root as the best chain of
affordable vintage stores in New York. They
promise to keep you not just ‘on trend’, but
beyond the trend. They currently have six
locations throughout Brooklyn and Lower
Manhattan.

          Find a shop

   OPENING HOURS              Find Out More

Open Daily: 12.00pm - 8.00pm


SHOPPING

BROOKLYN FLEA
MARKET

1) 176 Lafayette Ave (Fort Greene) Brooklyn, NY
2) 50 Kent Ave (Williamsburg) Brooklyn, NY

The New York Brooklyn Flea Market,
sometimes referred to as the ‘Brooklyn Flea’,
operates in two locations each weekend and
has hundreds of vendors on site from the
area and beyond. This outdoor flea market
was founded in April 2008 and has grown
into one of New York City’s top attractions. It
features furniture, jewellery, vintage clothing,
antiques and collectibles and arts and crafts.
From April to November, the flea market
opens on Saturday in Fort Greene and
Sunday in Williamsburg. You’re sure to leave
the market with some unique apparel for
creating a new outfit or starting a trend!

          Flea Vendors

  OPENING HOURS                       CONTACT

Fort Greene :                         SEND EMAIL
Saturday 10.00 am to 5.00 pm
                                   Find Out More
Williamsburg :
Sunday 10.00 am to 5.00 pm

      TRANSPORT

Subway:
L to Bedford Ave (Fort Greene)
C to Lafayette Ave (Williamsburg)


    BROOKLYN

Things to See / Do

When people plan to visit New York City, they may
be overwhelmed by the plethora of things to see and
do (New York likes to spoil people that way!). Among
the top choices are a visit to Strawberry Fields, to
Greenwich Village and taking a Birthplace of Hip
Hop tour.

    Brooklyn Bowl
    Prospect Park
    Yoga Class at Y7
    Dine at Café Moto


THINGS TO SEE/DO

                                                    Blogger Recommended

BROOKLYN BOWL

61 Wythe Ave, Brooklyn, NY 11249, United States

Don’t be fooled: Brooklyn Bowl is actually a
working bowling alley. But more than strikes
and pins, Brooklyn Bowl is known as one of
the most cutting-edge music venues in New
York City. Featuring excellent food, a full
bar and a stage that overlooks the bowling
alley, Brooklyn Bowl features up-and-coming
artists in rap and rock as well as ongoing
events like its popular Bluegrass Brunch.
Stop by neighbouring Brooklyn Brewery for
a local brew or head up to the rooftop at
Wythe Hotel across the street for a cocktail
before the show. Check their website for
upcoming shows.

Book Tickets Now

  OPENING HOURS                       CONTACT

Mon-Fri: 6.00pm - Close            Tel: 718-963-3369
Sat-Sun: 11.00am - Close
(times may vary spring and         Find Out More
summer)

     TRANSPORT

Subway:
Nearest subway service is the
G line to Manhattan Avenue
between Norman Avenue and
Nassau Avenue

Bus:
Take the B32 to N 9th Street with
Wythe Avenue


THINGS TO SEE/DO

                                                    Blogger Recommended

PROSPECT PARK
BANDSHELL

62 West Dr, Brooklyn, NY 11215

Once Memorial Day rolls around, Brooklyn
residents know to check the line-up for the
Celebrate Brooklyn: located in the heart of
Prospect Park, the outdoor concert series
is a summer highlight. Although bigger
acts tend to be ticketed, there are plenty of
free acts that just require showing up early
to stake out a spot. You can pack food to
picnic on, and alcoholic and non-alcoholic
drinks are sold at bars scattered around
the venue. Bring a blanket or chairs, and
plenty of friends for one of the best outdoor
parties that happens almost every summer
weekend.

What’s On?

  OPENING HOURS                      CONTACT

Mon-Sun 5.00 am - 1.00 am           SEND EMAIL

     TRANSPORT                    Find Out More

Subway:
Take the F or G line to 15th
Street with Prospect Park West

Bus:
Take the B61 to Bartel Pritchard
Square with Prospect Park
Southwest


THINGS TO SEE/DO

                                                    Blogger Recommended

YOGA CLASS AT Y7

240 Kent Ave, Brooklyn, NY 11249

New York City has no shortage of yoga
studios and they all use sound in different
ways, from the power of silence, the sacred
chant, or an intertwining of popular and
Indian music. But there are no yoga studios
that use music quite like Y7: with locations
in SoHo, Flatiron and Williamsburg, Y7
is emphatic that hip-hop and yoga can
complement each other. Although hip-hop
music can make it into almost any class,
Hip-Hop Wednesdays and Sundays turn
the volume way up on heavy beats and
rap freestyles — in a way that (sometimes
surprisingly) pushes your yoga practice even
further.

Book a Class

      TRANSPORT                       CONTACT

Subway:                          Tel: +1 646-820-0781
The nearest subway station is N
7th Street with Bedford Avenue.    Find Out More
Take the L line.

Bus:
Take the B32 or Q59 to S 1st
Street and Kent Avenue


THINGS TO SEE/DO

                                                    Blogger Recommended

DINE AT CAFÉ MOTO

394 Broadway, Brooklyn, NY 11211

From the outside, this restaurant is fairly
unassuming and is located directly under the
elevated JMZ subway line. Once you open
the heavy metal door flaking with peeling
paint, you’re magically transported to an old-
world café and bar. The fantastic horseshoe
bar serves up class cocktails and rustic
American fare, but what really makes it all
flow is the live music show every night. Take
a seat at a candle-lit table and enjoy the
acoustic folk music as you enjoy your food,
drinks and company.

What’s on the Menu

  OPENING HOURS                TRANSPORT

Twilight drink:           Subway:
5.30pm - 7.30pm           Take the G line to Broadway
                          with Union Avenue, or J or
Dinner:                   M to Hewes St with Hooper
6.00pm - 12.00am nightly  Street

Brunch:                   Bus:
11.00 am - 4.00 pm        Take the B60 to S 5th Street
Sat and Sun               with Hooper Street

      CONTACT                   Find Out More

Tel: +1 718-599-6895


    BROOKLYN

BARS

After a long day’s travelling there’s nothing like
stopping for an ice cold beer - luckily NYC is
brimming with trendy beer bars. From social
hotspots like Blind Tiger where the New York
workforce chill out after a shift to innovative
microbreweries like Gunhill Brewery, New York has
got you covered if you love a good beer.

    The Levee
    Skinny Dennis
    Battery Harris
    Glorietta Baldy
    Radegast & Biergarten
    The Ides


BARS

                                                    Blogger Recommended

THE LEVEE

212 Berry St, Brooklyn, NY 11211

By far one of the best and most relaxed
bars in New York offering decent priced
drinks, where you can stop in with your
friends or can easily make new friends. The
Levee also has a wide selection of board
games to play plus a pool table and darts
to compliment their light snacks - that’s right
free cheese puffs for all! During the warmer
days of the year The Levee opens a garden
out the back with tables that can be a great
escape from the music inside. You’ll find The
Levee attracts a young and vibrant crowd
who are always ready for a good time.

      Information

OPENING HOURS            CONTACT

  Monday - Sunday:    Tel: 718 218 8787
  12:00 pm - 4:00 am
                      Find Out More


BARS

SKINNY DENNIS

Skinny Dennis,152 Metroplitan Ave
Brooklyn, NY 11211

A honky-tonk bar in the centre of Brooklyn
is totally unexpected, which is what makes
Skinny Dennis so great. A jukebox plays
a mix of classic country favourites and
Southern rock songs, and a painted portrait
of Willie Nelson hangs behind the bar. Some
of the seats have been pulled right from
pickup trucks, and there are a few vintage
video games throughout the space. Aside
from the unusual decor, New York’s Skinny
Dennis has earned a reputation for serving
cheap cans of domestic beer as well as a
variety of craft beers on tap. Patrons can
snack on hot peanuts while sipping beer in a
relaxed and undeniably cool atmosphere.

      What’s on the Menu

OPENING HOURS               Find Out More

7 Days a Week:
5:00pm - 2:00am (or later)

    TRANSPORT

Subway:
L at Bedford Ave.


BARS

BATTERY HARRIS

64 Frost Street at Meeker / Lorimer Williamsburg,
Brooklyn 11211, New York, NY 10020

When the weather is nice, Battery Harris in
Brooklyn is the ultimate spot to enjoy a meal
outside on the patio and sip on a pitcher of
draft beer. Even if the New York weather is a
little chilly, the Caribbean theme of the New
York Battery Harris will make visitors forget
all about what’s going on outside. There are
few better places in Brooklyn for a boozy
lunch than Battery Harris, which offers an
extensive brunch menu. Visitors can pair
local craft beers and bottled Caribbean ales
with special dishes like candied plantains or
an oxtail hash with fried eggs.

      What’s on the Menu

  OPENING HOURS              Find Out More

7 Days a Week:
Mon - Wed: 2:30pm - 12:00am
Thurs: 1:00pm - 2:00am
Fri: 12:00pm - 4:00am
Sat: 11:00pm - 4:00am
Sun: 11:00am - 12:00am

     TRANSPORT

Subway:
L at Bedford Ave.


BARS

GLORIETTA BALDY

502 Franklin Ave., Brooklyn, NY 11238
nr. Fulton St

Glorietta Baldy is always jumping on the
weekends and is lovingly referred to by its
patrons as “That Bar Under the Stairs.” The
craft brews on the menu change daily and
visitors can look online to find out what the
offerings are before heading in. Pretty much
any beer lover will be able to find something
to enjoy on the extensive list. The space is
completely relaxed, so there’s no need to
dress up while at the New York Glorietta
Baldy. In between rounds of great beer have
a shot on the pinball machines or enjoy live
music most nights of the week.

      Book Venue

  OPENING HOURS                 Find Out More

7 Days a Week:
Mon - Fri: 4:00pm - 4:00am
Sat - Sun: 2:00pm - 4:00pm

     TRANSPORT

Subway:
C, S at Franklin Ave.; A, C at
Nostrand Ave.


BARS

                                                    Blogger Recommended

RADEGAST HALL AND
BIERGARTEN

113 N 3rd St, Brooklyn, NY 11249

This authentic large beer garden in
Williamsburg has a German vibe that gives
you the pleasant impression that you have
stepped back in time and left the country.
The bar serves up large litres of beer on
tap with plenty of long tables that attract fun
people who are all looking to appreciate fine
beer with friends. Naturally, this is one of the
coolest places to go if you wish to celebrate
Oktoberfest here! And if you enjoy music,
you’ll be pleased to hear that there are live
performances at the garden every day.

      Location

  OPENING HOURS                  CONTACT

Mon-Thur: 12.00pm - 2.00am    Tel: 718-963-3973
Fri: 12.00pm - 3.00am
Sat: 11.00am - 3.00am         Find Out More
Sun: 11.00am - 2.00am

     TRANSPORT

Subway:
Take the L train to Bedway
Street with N 7th Street

Bus:
Take the B62 to N 3rd Street
with Bedford Avenue


BARS

THE IDES

Wythe Ave & N 11th St, Brooklyn, NY 11249

Sitting 30 storeys above midtown
Manhattan, the Upstairs NYC rooftop
bar provides 3,000 square feet of space,
allowing guests to party atop the Kimberly
Hotel. This bar is sophisticated and fun, with
retractable walls, 360 degree panoramic
views and cocktails that appeal to even the
most discerning of tastes. The neo-Gothic,
Art Deco flair couples with unparalleled
views of the famous Chrysler Building. You
can enjoy cocktails and conversation while
nibbling on the bar’s small plate offerings.
Don your best attire and try The Chrysler, a
signature drink that blends honey, Hennessy
and champagne for a luxurious New York
experience.

      Book a Table

OPENING HOURS          Find Out More
                          Transport
Mon-Fri: Opens 4.00pm
Sar-Sun: Opens 2.00pm


BEST ROOFTOP BARS

                     TRANSPORT

       10 minutes from Manhattan by taxi

THE IDES6 minutes walk to East River Ferry

Wyth7emAivneute&s Nwa1lk1ttoh BSet,dfBorrdooLksluybnw, aNyYst1o1p249

       9 minutes walk to Nassau G subway stop

Sittin1g5 m3i0nutsetsowrealyksfroambMovarecymJMidZtosuwbnway stop
Man1h5amttianunte,sthfroemULpaGstuaarirdsia NAiYrpCortrboyotaftxoi p
aballorwp2i5rnomgviindguueteesssf3rtos,m0t0oJ0FKpsaAqrirutpyaorratetboyfpetaexthti eofKsipmabceer,ly
Hotel. This bar is sophisticated and fun, with
retractable walls, 36C0lodseegree panoramic
views and cocktails that appeal to even the
most discerning of tastes. The neo-Gothic,
Art Deco flair couples with unparalleled
views of the famous Chrysler Building. You
can enjoy cocktails and conversation while
nibbling on the bar’s small plate offerings.
Don your best attire and try The Chrysler, a
signature drink that blends honey, Hennessy
and champagne for a luxurious New York
experience.

Book a Table

OPENING HOURS          Find Out More
                          Transport
Mon-Fri: Opens 4.00pm
Sar-Sun: Opens 2.00pm


    BROOKLYN

NIGHTCLUBS

Renowned as the city that never sleeps, it should
come as no surprise that New York boasts some of
the best nightlife venues on the planet. Read about
some of the finest clubs in New York in this section,
which have that big city vibe as well as drinks,
dancing and music.

    Output


NIGHTCLUBS

                                                    Blogger Recommended

OUTPUT

74 Wythe Ave, Brooklyn, NY 11249,
United States

New York Output is a major nightclub in
Williamsburg, Brooklyn. The club has an
open dance floor and a second floor that
wraps around it, so you can watch the
masses moving to the music. There’s more
of an underground, grungy raw vibe with
world-renowned artists playing on any given
night. In addition to the awesome main
room, there’s the Panther Room and the
rooftop. The music depends on the DJ, so
plan ahead by checking their website. If you
enjoy electronic dance music, Output is for
you. It’s a treat to hear drum and bass there
— Output has one of the only systems in
NYC that can handle the sound!

Location

  OPENING HOURS                     CONTACT

7 Days a Week:                      SEND EMAIL
10.00 pm to 3.00 am
                                 Find Out More
May very depending on the event

     TRANSPORT

Subway:
Nearest subway station is
several streets away. Take the
G line to Nassau Avenue.

Bus:
Take the B32 to Kent Avenue /
N 12th Street


   GUIDE BY BOROUGH

QUEENS

Hosting the Mets and the U.S. Open, Queens
New York is one of the most individual spots in
the country. Adventurous visitors will find top-rated
museums like the Louis Armstrong House Museum,
as well as an avant-garde art, food and music
scene. Glimpse heritage architecture and explore
urban green spaces here.

    Attraction
    Restaurants
    Bars


      QUEENS

ATTRACTIONS

Explorers and experience junkies will simply love
New York. With its stellar shows, terrific tours, iconic
buildings and vibrant venues, plus a host of splendid
restaurants, it’s the greatest city in the world to
experience something new. Here are a few places
where you can revel in the magic of New York.

    Louis Armstrong House


ATTRACTIONS

                                                    Blogger Recommended

THE LOUIS ARMSTRONG
HOUSE MUSEUM

34-56 107th Street
Corona, New York 11368

Jazz fans, perk those ears up! Located in
Corona, Queens, you can visit the actual
house where the legendary jazz musician
Louis Armstrong and his wife Lucille lived
for most of their adult life. Kept exactly as
it was when he was alive, this truly is a
tribute house that honours his life, legacy
and, of course, his great music, and you’ll
hear plenty of his fine tunes during the visit.
Visiting the museum also gives you the
opportunity to explore the vast borough of
Queens. Guided tours are offered every
hour, on the hour.

Book Tickets Now

  OPENING HOURS                     CONTACT

Opening Times :                  Tel : 718-478-8274
Tue-Fri: 10.00am - 5.00pm
Sat & Sun: 12.00pm - 5.00pm      Find Out More

     TRANSPORT

Subway:
Take the 7 to 111th Street with
Roosevelt Avenue

Bus:
Take the Q23 to 104th Street
with 37th Avenue


      QUEENS

RESTAURANTS

In New York you can find anything from small unique
eateries in Chelsea Market to upscale celebrity
chef-owned restaurants all just within blocks of each
other. Daniel, Luka and Budakkan are just some
of the best places to eat in the city, providing the
magical cuisine and dining experiences that New
York restaurants offer.

    Los Amigos
    S Prime


RESTAURANTS

                                                    Blogger Recommended

LOS AMIGOS

Located on 2273 31st, Long Island City,
NY 11105

This is a low-key Mexican gem. In my
humble opinion, Los Amigos serve the best
chicken enchiladas in NY state! I like it in
salsa verde which means green sauce. You
can choose red sauce if you want it extra
spicy. They also serve a delicious michelada
which is beer (your favorite) poured into a
glass filled with hot sauce! My dream in a
mug. They also serve delicious beef nachos
which come with chunky avocado pieces.
Viva mexico!

Book a Table

OPENING HOURS        CONTACT

Open Daily:       Tel : 718-726-8708
11:00am - 4:00am
                  Find Out More


RESTAURANTS

S PRIME

35-11 36th Street Long Island City,
NY 11106, Queens

Just outside of Manhattan, in Queens, is
New York S Prime, an upscale steakhouse
perfect for a special meal for travellers.
Diners come to S Prime both for the
incredible food and for the exclusive
atmosphere, which brings an extra
something to birthday dinners or anniversary
celebrations. Executive Chef Joel Reiss
whips up exceptional steaks, of course,
but also fresh salads, indulgent seafood
and house-made cheeses. Add a bottle of
wine from the extensive collection onsite, or
take an adventurous pick from the long list
of speciality cocktails on offer. Refreshing
flavours include the Cucumber Spice and
the the Razzle.

Book a Table

   OPENING HOURS                    CONTACT

Tuesday-Sat : 5.00pm             Tel : 718-707-0660
Mon & Sun : private events only
                                 DRESS CODE

                                   Smart - casual

                                 Find Out More


      QUEENS

BARS

After a long day’s travelling there’s nothing like
stopping for an ice cold beer - luckily NYC is
brimming with trendy beer bars. From social
hotspots like Blind Tiger where the New York
workforce chill out after a shift to innovative
microbreweries like Gunhill Brewery, New York has
got you covered if you love a good beer.

    Dutch Kills
    Vista Sky Lounge
    Ravel Hotel Rooftop
    Cavo


BARS

DUTCH KILLS

27-24 Jackson Ave, in Long Island City Queens

The New York Dutch Kills bar is a cocktail
destination heaven. The bar sits modestly
behind a nondescript facade. Once inside,
you’ll find yourself in a darkened bar with
a speakeasy feel. A mixology expert and
master bartenders work together to deliver
both classic cocktails as well as craft ones.
They’re known for having a good variety of
delectable whiskey drinks. The bar’s entire
atmosphere, including the musical selections
(there’s even a rag time band!), is laidback,
hailing back to a time when people knew
how to just sit back, relax and sip their drinks
over good food and conversation.

      What’s on the Menu

  OPENING HOURS                Find Out More

7 Days a Week:
5pm ‘til 2am (OR LATER)

     TRANSPORT

Subway:
E - M - R at Queens Plaza
E - M - G at Court Square
N - Q - 7 at Queensboro Plaza


BARS

VISTA SKY LOUNGE

Four Points by Sheraton Long Island City 27-05
39th Avenue Long Island City, NY 11101

On the outskirts of Queens and easily
accessible from Manhattan is the Vista Sky
Lounge. Travellers often stand in awe at the
views offered at the top of the Four Points
by Sheraton Hotel, where the Vista Sky
Lounge can be found. Enjoy an upmarket
dining menu featuring delicious appetisers
and sharing platters. The drinks are just as
impressive, and top beverage picks include
the lychee Martini and the chilled rose
wines. All are served up as you gaze out
towards Queensboro Bridge and glittering
Manhattan landmarks like the Empire State
Building. Vista is the perfect venue for a
special birthday or event.

      What’s on the Menu

 OPENING HOURS                CONTACT

Sun -Thu: 5.00pm - 1.00am  Tel: 347-536-3640
Fri -Sat: 5.00pm - 3.00am
                           Find Out More


BARS

                                                    Blogger Recommended

RAVEL HOTEL
ROOFTOP BAR

8-08 Queens Plaza South, Long Island City,
NY 11101

Take a break from the Manhattan scene, and
head over to Long Island City (Queens) for
an amazing rooftop bar located in the Ravel
Hotel. Just a few stops from Manhattan,
you can’t beat its proximity. You can take
a photo there almost as if you were under
the Queensboro Bridge. Ravel showcases
some of the hottest DJs, spinning everything
from house music to Top 40, as well as other
types of music. Once you feel the rhythm,
you won’t be able to stop moving your body!
Ravel also has tasty drinks, delicious food,
and provides a great ambience.

      What’s on?

  OPENING HOURS                  CONTACT

Hotel is open 24 hours a day  Tel: 212 645 7600

                              Find Out More


BARS

                                                    Blogger Recommended

CAVO

42-18 31st Ave, Astoria, NY 11103

At night, Cavo transforms from a stylish
restaurant into a nightclub that hosts some
of the hottest parties and DJs. Imagine a
big main room that fits hundreds of people
with lights, amazing sound, go-go dancers,
electronic violinist and other amazing
performers. There are two rooms. One is
like a bar scene which still draws a crowd,
but with a more chilled and relaxed scene.
The second room is the club area with high
ceilings, a DJ booth in the sky, VIP tables,
large dance floor and a huge bar. Cavo is
known for its themed nights, Mediterranean,
Euro-Latin and much more.

      Location

 OPENING HOURS                CONTACT

Tue-Thur: 5.00pm - 2.00am  Tel: 718-721-1001
Fri-Sat: 5.00pm - 4.00am
Sunday : 5.00pm - 12.00am  Find Out More


   GUIDE BY BOROUGH

STATEN ISLAND

Just a free ferry ride away across New York Harbor,
Staten Island New York features a suburban
atmosphere. The island, adjacent to the Kill Van Kull
tidal strait from New Jersey, is known for its family-
friendly attractions like the Children’s Museum,
views towards Manhattan and its maritime heritage,
displayed in the National Lighthouse Museum.

    General Attractions
    Restaurants


    STATEN ISLAND

GENERAL ATTRACTIONS

Explorers and experience junkies will simply love
New York. With its stellar shows, terrific tours, iconic
buildings and vibrant venues, plus a host of splendid
restaurants, it’s the greatest city in the world to
experience something new. Here are a few places
where you can revel in the magic of New York.

    9/11 Memorial
    Staten Island Boardwalk


 GENERAL ATTRACTIONS

STATEN ISLAND
SEPTEMBER 11 MEMORIAL

The larger and busier memorials of
the events of September 11 are found
in Manhattan, but Staten Island’s own
response to this tragic event is equally
poignant. Located on the North Shore
Waterfront Esplanade, the New York Staten
Island September 11 Memorial is a pair
of contemporary wings facing upward,
as if ready to take flight. Designed by the
architect Masayuki Sono, the memorial’s
interior walls are lined with plaques
honouring the lives of those lost in the
tragedy.

                 Book Tickets Now

                                      Find Out More


GENERAL ATTRACTIONS

STATEN ISLAND
BOARDWALK

Fort Wadsworth, Staten Island, NY to Miller Field,
Staten Island, NY

The New York Staten Island Boardwalk, or
South Beach-Franklin Delano Roosevelt
Boardwalk, is a stand-out attraction on
Staten Island. This boardwalk was built
in 1935 and stretches between Fort
Wadsworth and Miller Field, which is a
military installation on the National Register
of Historic Places. Stroll along the boardwalk
for views of the sandy shoreline, the blue
waters of the Atlantic, sports facilities and
long piers –ideal for fishermen. Stop to
admire the Fountain of the Dolphins, an
incredible boardwalk feature with six bronze
figures and evening illuminations.

Location

        LENGTH                          WHEN

2.5 - 4.5 miles depending on  Open all year round but best
where you start               walked in good weather
                              months

                              Find Out More


    STATEN ISLAND

RESTAURANTS

In New York you can find anything from small unique
eateries in Chelsea Market to upscale celebrity
chef-owned restaurants all just within blocks of each
other. Daniel, Luka and Budakkan are just some
of the best places to eat in the city, providing the
magical cuisine and dining experiences that New
York restaurants offer.

    Blue


RESTAURANTS

BLUE

1115 Richmond Terrace
Staten Island, 10310

For a classic Mediterranean meal and
waterfront views, New York Blue is a Staten
Island favourite. While admiring the sunset
over the Newark and Upper Bays, you’ll feel
as though you’ve been transported to the
Mediterranean with a menu featuring dishes
as diverse as lamb meatballs in a pea ragu
and fried Halloumi cheese on a bed of rocket
and olives. To perfect an already amazing
menu, the bartenders at Blue can create
custom cocktails based on your preferences.

Book a Table

OPENING HOURS             CONTACT

Monday to Thursday:    Tel : 718-273-7777
12:00 Noon – 11:00pm
Friday and Saturday:   Find Out More
12:00 Noon – 12:00am
Sunday:
12:00 Noon – 10:00pm
